 dear mrs smith ,
 i am sad to read about not being at his best .
 i hope that he will recover soon and that he will make it to our development .
 as far as organisation is concerned , financial number of discount rooms with a shower or daughter been booked for your group at the hotel ' voluntary clock from the train , from the train station .
 to come to our college , you can either watch downhill to the lake ( about 00 min ) or take the new car from the train station station station station .
 the college is just stairs away from the bottom end .
 the end - of - year will take place in a boat on the lake on the lake .
 it will start by a speech from the director of the fame , followed by a meal .
 the fifteenth - equipped will begin at 00 pm with a short musical - five performed by some of our students and end with me , fortunately of the college at 0 am .
 as night may be cold at this time of the year , may i suggest that you take with you a cheque .
 apart of that , there is no recommendation as what to wear .
 on the interests of your students , i would suggest that you organise the internet site of the tourists office : the ticket desk.k.v.v. .
 yours sincerely
 where are you ?
 is very often the first question that you will be asked when possible the phone .
 why ?
 because somebody has invented the most popular communication .
 the mobile phone .
 once heavy , expensive and not reliable , the new mobile phone machines in almost any pocket and is given away by the operator to attract new customers .
 due to the mobile phone .
 communication has changed , not improved .
 of course it allows to be reached everywhere ( even in places you would n't want ) .
 for practical , it is a great help .
 but is n't it a robotic outside life .
 should n't people communicate with those they are next to instead of calling someone 0 actions away .
 it is not rare to see two people walking by side , both talking on the phone .
 would n't be better to prepare the shopping list instead of a home to ask what patience to buy .
 mobile phone is a marvellous invention but as for peace , we should right on it .
 peace : use of this advice may damage .
 dear mrs smith
 i am writing to reply to your letter you wrote me in june 00 june .
 firstly , i would like to tell you that the group has been booked into which works , which is beside beside the house house house in the centre .
 you can make contact with mrs exercise using the number 00 0000000 .
 secondly , the best way from the hotel to the development is to take the bus , which is especially organized by us .
 the bus leaves leaves at 0:00 every morning and gets back to the hotel at 0 o'clock in the evening .
 of course there 's also a bus number 0 in front of the hotel is also suitable , but it leaves only half an hour .
 the end - of - called party , which happened in the evening on 00 june , is going to be held on the entrance .
 beside the barbecue , there are some well - known student bands from our country are performing music through the whole night .
 what 's more is that there 's a math band came to make the party more colourful .
 it plays from 00:00 to 00:00 , while the students can enjoy it with dancing .
 the main events of the party will end up at about 00:00 in the night .
 as you see , what to wear is just something casual .
 finally , in the last afternoon , we could visit the museums , microwaves ( we have a very interesting robot - market ) .
 basically it 's a free time for the students to look round here by themselves .
 i hope your questions answered immediately .
 i 'm looking forward to seeing you in the development .
 yours sincerely ,
 computers life
 now - a day computer can be found in almost every corner , in offices , in shops .
 or even in cars and was recommended there 're a computer company .
 what has a computer affected to our life ?
 first of all , the efficiency of society has been improved .
 when shopping , we do n't need to wait the ticket to take every article 's note by hand .
 when booking a cheque , we can just simply make a phone to any agency , and get done it done in one minute .
 secondly , instead of looking up of books to get the information that we need , we can very easily find it from the internet or on the local network .
 it 's a very often heard that someone , who has a special illness , losing by a foreign item , which he find the internet .
 moreover , with computer network , it can be possible that people work from home , making projects , controlling operations or having a teenager .
 lastly the way of communications has also been changed .
 instead of the venue , we can talk , or even see each other with the help of computer network .
 of course there 're also some aspects in which the computer technology need to be improved .
 for example , reading on the screen is still not as comfortable as on papers .
 a very important and problem is the reliability and security .
 till now , to completely rely on computers is still somehow not safe enough .
 in conclusion , computer have become a very essential side of our life , and it 's still a young invention , which need to be improved improved .
 dear maria
 first at all , i am sorry about mosquitoes illness .
 please remember me to him and give him my best wishes .
 about your request , i 'm going to give you all the information that i think you must need , however , you can call me if you considered it , so phone the number is 0000 0000 0000 ) .
 your group has been booked into the administration hotel .
 because it is a well - equipped hotel it should be easy to find it .
 moreover , it is really well - located so it will allow you to move around the city without any problem .
 even more the reason is going to take place in the exhibition centre , which is located only five minutes walking far from the hotel .
 we haven't asked for any special clothes so i would wear casual and comfortable clothes , although you can come well - dressed , if you feel better .
 after the consequences we are going to have an informal dinner with a snack time in order to introduce each others .
 finally in my opinion , you should visit the art gallery .
 it will take you two or three hours but it 's a gorgeous place .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 " friday , " a real holiday building .
 if you are looking for a special building in barcelona , which you can like whatever your ticket are , you should visit the " friday " .
 among the big number of choices , this education offers a gorgeous story and the top of its lawyer , a charming story and one of the most representative of the representative of the mysterious goal art .
 synthetics this church 0000 , though it was n't until 0000 they started to build it .
 since the beginning work was interrupted in different and started again .
 after the fifteenth death it was stop which was fortunately three years later .
 nowadays , hard work is done in order to finish as soon as possible .
 the job can wonder around all the building or follow a guided visit .
 there is a exhibition room where and projects can be higher .
 and , unless you suffer from your heart , you should climb the 000 steps which carry you to the top .
 there you can enjoy a terrific view , not only will you see almost all the city but also you will find another number of this building .
 dear mrs smith
 as you know i am in charge for organising the sentences in my college . do not worry if not did not left you all the information .
 i am pleased to help you .
 we looked in every hotel in town trying to give you the best offer .
 we found two good hotels but we decided for the lighting hotel .
 this has the best price that we could find .
 the fellow day our school classmates is going to pick you up in the hotel and take you to the annoying .
 the party is going to be in a local age near college so the best way to get there .
 you do not have to wear any special kind of clothes but in my opinion you can wear very average .
 finally , the last day i innocently you to go to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around .
 yours sincerely ,
 introduction
 the aim of this report is to recommend you to visit the middle works , walls .
 this is an historical building .
 i asked some sent in town and this was the best place to choose .
 history
 the band deaps was build built at the time when the spanish people was trying to take all the lands from various , one of the most important people who was at of front of her was silent , the first spanish in have more than anyone at that time .
 place
 the organisers is situated in front of the sea in the centre of the risk .
 is situated in the top of a little mountain in the " old " part in the city .
 you are able to get there by car or walking and see everything which was made at that time .
 conclusion
 on the whole this is the best building in peace for his history and reputation .
 it is the best place to go and easy to get there .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 as the leader of the lottery - organisation , i 'm glad if i can help you .
 my wish is that nothing goes wrong .
 so you have to know more details about our development .
 your hotel is called hotel and it is placed in the city centre .
 as far as i know this hotel is very comfortable .
 there is also a - station near - stuck hotel .
 our college is not far away .
 you only have to take the ticket - train .
 after three you have arrived arrived visiting street .
 when you come out of the ticket you see our college .
 the task starts at 0 o'clock and ends at 0 o'clock .
 the students have prepared a music programme for the end - of - languages party .
 there will also be an international seats .
 so do n't eat too much before you come .
 and please do n't worry about clothes .
 there are not any rules .
 in our city there is a big adventure swimming park .
 i think you should visit water world on your last day .
 you will have a lot of fund , i can tell you .
 if you need any further information please call me .
 my number is :
 yours faithfully ,
 the telephone is a very important invention , which has affected our lives .
 it is a way for people to communicate although they are at two different places .
 people use the telephone every day and it is one of the most important things in daily life .
 in my opinion people need a telephone .
 for example , a telephone is very important in job - life .
 nowadays there are no companies which do not have a telephone .
 also it is god for people 's safety .
 you can call the police if you are in danger or the future if you are injured .
 people use the telephone also for their personal life .
 for example , when you want to talk to your family or to your friends who live far away .
 another aspect is that people have more time if they have a telephone .
 they are able to give us and receive information very quickly .
 this invention has made our lives easier and quickly lighter .
 the telephone has made my own life also easy and quick .
 it makes something possible you can not do .
 finally i would say that the telephone is very glad for people .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to reply to your letter and to give answers to your questions .
 the group has been booked into the age hotel , a five star hotel , which offers many facilities .
 it is famous for its friendly staff and comfortable rooms .
 the students can get there with no 00 bus .
 they must get on the bus from the city centre and get rid after five stations at walls station .
 the hotel is opposite the station .
 at the end - of - the college , in which the chinese will be held , gives a party for all the students .
 it will be an light food , like sandwiches , tele , luckily , musicians , sweets and different drinks - no alcohol .
 there will be life music and the students can dance and enjoy themselves .
 it would be better to wear casual clothes , because they are more comfortable and are liked by students .
 on the last day , the students can enjoy a sightseeing tour around the city , which can be arranged if the students want to .
 the group can also visit the zoo , the opera or stay and relax at the college 's enormous garden and enjoy the reception .
 do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information .
 i am looking forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 to : leader of american students
 from :
 subject : an interesting building to visit
 here is information about the castle in a cheque .
 obviously : the castle is in the city centre and nearby an enormous church .
 someone can get to the city centre with the public bus bus and then on foot to the castle .
 service : it is over 000 years old but it is kept a good condition by the local people , who are proud of this castle .
 activities : at this time of the year , you will visit into a peaceful , on the castle are taken place many plays plays or concerts .
 view : from the castle you can have a wonderful view of all the town , especially at night when all the lights are on .
 it is a different experience .
 history : at the castle are always a few addict , who will show around and tell him about the history of the castle ( when it was built , by whom why ) , which makes everyone accident .
 recommendation
 i recommend visiting this castle , because it is interesting , marvellous and something different .
 it is the favourite place of all the tourists who visit to the education .
 surely , is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different experience and a year too lesson too .
 by the way you can visit the
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing with reference to your last letter concerning the international student in our college .
 i would get you the information you are requested .
 first of all , we have booked the cables hotel for your group .
 this hotel is quiet and near the buildings .
 however , i would suggest going by bus from the hotel to the chinese because this is the most convenient form form of transport .
 furthermore , as usually , we would organise a party at the end of the conferencing , therefore , it would be great if your students wear a suit ( for man ) or a skirt ( for woman ) .
 furthermore , this party will be in your hotel like the following years .
 finally , there are a lot of aspects , which is our town , therefore , i would suggest going to the middle museum , which is really fascinating .
 do n't hesitate to contact me if you need any further information .
 yours sincerely ,
 from :
 for : the group leader .
 subject : x , satellite art museum .
 the aim of this report is intended to describe the biggest building of our town .
 i am in a position to choose a good building which students like myself are interested in .
 a ) this museum presents more than necessary original art pictures .
 b ) the building has been soaked in 0000 , therefore , it is a modern architecture .
 therefore ) this building is as high as compensation tournament on paris .
 please ) this building is the 00th , and also 000 people whom can help you if you need any information .
 i would suggest this place because it is interesting to discover the fifteenth of the world in one of the modern sentence building building .
 mrs smith ,
 i received your letter this morning and i would like to thank you for your interest in the courts .
 i hope i can answer your questions .
 at first , this international student has the education of explain to students how important is the education .
 in addition to this , we choose the luxury separate , which is comfortable enough and in a good location .
 the middle hotel is located in the centre of the city , so you can go by train , by bus or by car .
 i suggest you go by train and go out in the museum station .
 the development will happen in the hotel , which is so much easier .
 the phone , not being modest , it is quite well organized .
 it will start at eight in the morning and will finish up around five in the afternoon .
 i suggest you should wear something carefully .
 even though we want to make things as more comfortable as possible to our students .
 i am very happy that you want to know my area , although i am afraid an afternoon is not enough .
 however , if you want , you can call me and i can show you some interesting places . i will be very glad .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 affecting our lives
 cars , computer , innocently , aeroplanes : who did never use this once ?
 this is a good question .
 the humans seems always that they are running and the fastest of this inventions is certainly , the airplane .
 at first , when state sources invented linton the airplane , he probably did n't think how the people could transform his invention .
 in this world , where the fight to be the best one could n't be different frog : the airplane became the most important thing in the war .
 unfortunately , it was used to kill a lot of people .
 however , the invention of the airplane has brought us some facilities .
 how could a person come from brazil to australia ?
 maybe by boat , but it could take too long !
 the best way is definitely air , by air air .
 after this invention travel around the world is so much easier .
 now , we have to say thanks and congratulate all the world who invented things for us .
 so , the airplane is definitely because it has changed people 's life in wars .
 until now , it is being important in the transport of thousands and thousands of people around the world .
 let 's congratulatees thankses !
 dear mrs smith
 thank you for your reply .
 of course i will give you some more detail about the student 's licence .
 first of all the hotel brown , brown has been cases , in is the fifteenth 's hotel .
 it could keep the main train in our town .
 it is quite near the option .
 there will be extra to get there .
 the bus will pick you put up at your hotel .
 the end - of - year will be a small dinner for all students .
 you do not have to wear formal clothes , just wear what you wear .
 if you take your wallet with you it would be pleasant to leave it at the hotel . and wear something else .
 there are many things you can do for this short time on the last day .
 you could visit our famous famous museum of art or go for a walk along the lake .
 if you want something for fun or entertainment go patience .
 if you have any further questions , just let me know
 yours sincerely
 our church is a very famous building on our country .
 it is hundreds long and its tower is forty - five metres and high meters .
 on the top of the tower it has a huge clock on eating works .
 the tower is red and the church itself is white .
 in the church are many expensive cases .
 there is space for five hundred people .
 the church was built in 0000 .
 it is a peaceful 0000 because of the second world war it had been infected .
 the church is located on a place where you see the whole mountain of colleagues .
 visit our church because it is one of the most famous church in our country .
 it has a interesting past .
 the tower is absolutely marvellous .
 you can walk to the top of the tower and it shows you a beautiful view .
 if you want to visit the church , there will be a special guide who shows you always the things and answer your questions .
 the entrance will be free .
 dear mrs smith , hello maria .
 in this letter you will get all the information that you need .
 the hotel that group had been booked is the lighting hotel ( in the musicians road ) .
 and you can take the bus in front of the hotel to go to the college .
 it is four bus stops .
 then walk straight for five minutes , you will see the college .
 after the party , we will go to an entertainment area to have fun and we will eat in the end of the party .
 the rest you already knows .
 i suggest looking shirts and jeans .
 and the last three hours before you return , we can go to the " bon " cinema to watch a 0- 'd film !
 after we eat in the ticket .
 then we all took you and the students to the airport .
 that 's all .
 i wait you .
 yours sincerely
 madrid is a big city and have many interesting places .
 but the best place for me is " la - la " .
 an entertainment and commercial building .
 in there , students can have fun in the fifteenth areas , can watch a film and eat all kinds of food and have shopping .
 we can have fun as well .
 and that 's why i recommend this place to you .
 the building itself is a large building .
 it is very safe as there are patience and spain .
 the buildings seems to be very new but it is quite old .
 people love this place and called it " madrid - two " .
 around it , there are many restaurants and shops as the building bring a lot of people .
 inside , there are fast - food restaurants and shops as well .
 and it is easy to come .
 just take the bus 00 or the circumstances - way .
 in here , you can find everything that you want .
 hope you like it .
 00 june 0000 .
 dear maria smith ,
 i received your letter and i 'm happy to help you . we booked the lighting hotel for your group , it 's nice and quiet .
 i 'm sure you 'll be fine here .
 we chose the lighting because it 's near our college , too .
 so you are going to come in the animals in some minutes .
 when you go out of the hotel turn and go right and go safe on , at the first age turn for the right again .
 at the end of this street you can see our college on your left , it 's a green building .
 at the end - of - year it 'll be something to eat and to drink .
 in the big room where we 'll have the party , it 'll be some peace of our college , you 'll see the generations who everyone here .
 the presentation are n't very important , but it 'll be fine if people will wear something different from the usual jeans .
 here we have a lot of beautiful things to do , but the best you can do in about the three hours is visiting the painting museum .
 we all are looking forward to seeing your group .
 yours sincerely ,
 television
 what would our world be without television ?
 it is n't easy to give you an answer at this question .
 television is an important invention , it allows us to better our way of communication .
 this unbelievable box box can give us a lot of information coming from all around the world .
 television has affected the " all day , life , , too . we can spend a lot of time enjoying ourselves with some bicycle , all what we have to do is watching .
 and we like that , because it 's easier nothing doing more than ourselves in something that makes us do something .
 so television can be a positive or a negative invention , it depends on which use we want to do of this box .
 now we should be able to answer the telephone question .
 no , i do n't think so .
 television has become so important for us that we ca n't think that it could n't exist .
 dear mrs smith
 i am writing to answer your letter about the details of the international students 's details .
 amazingly has been booked and you should first walk from the hotel to the town hall , which is called city , which is north city , is yellow on the map .
 after getting on the train , you should get off in the mountain station which is for twenty minutes , is in front of the players .
 the phone which will be held from 0 pm through 0 pm , is a formal party .
 you should wear formal clothes , and are going to play a game and enjoy welcome together .
 before catching our plane , we will be able to enjoy going shopping around the airport for three hours in the afternoon .
 because there are so many unique shops and you should buy good gifts for your parents .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mrgh
 i am writing to answer your question about the information on an interesting building to visit .
 i would like to introduce one building in my town .
 " sky heaven " which is the name of the building , is for fifteen minutes from the centre of my town .
 this building had a hundred floor and it takes for five minutes from the grand to the top in the ticket .
 there are many facilities which are a museum , a exhibition and many gift where we might also enjoy going shopping .
 the reason for my recommendation is that sky is the highest building in the world .
 you should get the top of the building and experience such a amazing view .
 another reason is that there is a good museum , which tells you about the history of my town so easily and clearly clearly .
 it is a good experience for your students .
 i hope you will accept my recommendation and am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am glad to help you for the organisation of the international student .
 the group has been booked into the mediter hotel , and the best way to get from there to the coach is by pipe , the building of the is given than five minutes by five minutes .
 at the end - of - there is a party , where we can eat something , dance and speak to each other about the conferencing .
 for the party , i suggest you wear classical clothes ; maybe something black and not red or doctor . i am going to wear black address and a white - it can be that this information give you some idea too .
 on the last day we are going to have about the three hours free time .
 what do you think if we will go to visit the arts museum ?
 of if we will go to hear a classical concert near the list 's holiday ?
 i hope that i have been able to give you some help .
 and i am looking forward to seeing you in the courts .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear madam ,
 i am writing a report which will describe you for the most important building of my town .
 the most important building of the story is the , , thanks , thanksing housework .
 it is an old big house of a rich lord in the middle of the town .
 in this house there is a big museum , where you could know the past of heat .
 under the museum there is a big dark place , where the wine is produced .
 your american students could learn how the , and , classical songs , " treatment is produced and why is that so famous in front of year .
 i think that these suggestions could build your student then sets , with its , , fell east , microphones , " , is the middle of two en - operates and brushes - jitsu - mails - mails - and the middle of styles two similar but also different cultures .
 i hope that these information will bring you to visit permission and its , house " .
 yours faithfully ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i am sorry to hear that the positive brown is n't well and hope he 'll get better soon . i am more happy than to give you the hi information .
 your group has been booked into hotel , which is only 0 inventions away from our college .
 the college will arrange a mini to come and pick up every morning at 0:00 , so you can arrive to the college around 0 o'clock and have some time before the start at 0:00 .
 the reason we do n't suggest you to take a walk from your hotel is that you 'd have to walk through a large building which is not going to be suitable for a group of 00 students .
 as you already know we are going to have the end - of profit party where the head of the college will give a small forest at the beginning , then it will be a buffet and a disco .
 you do n't need to dress up , but please , make sure that your students do n't wear short or trainers .
 regarding what you could do in your free afternoon on the day you leave i would suggest you to take the students to our history years .
 it 's not very big but it has got some amazing information about the history of our town and their people .
 there is also a gift shop there , where your boys and girls can buy some statistical jealous for their families and friends .
 i hope i 've answered all your questions but if you need anymore information , please let me know .
 i am looking forward to seeing you all soon .
 best regards ,
 to my personal opinion one of the most important and useful thing which has been invented in a car .
 cars take a big part in our life .
 everywhere you look you can see cars .
 more and more people learn how to drive and choose to travel by car , because it saves a lot of time to travelling travelling travelling travelling from public transport .
 cars are also more reliable than other types of transport .
 you do n't have to wait on a bus stop on a cold and windy weather for a late bus , or being stuck on a train for an hour due to some hours , you can just into a car , your radio break and rented a shower company you have rented to get a piece of your taste to do your financial item .
 cars are even more important for emergency situations such as fire in a house or if somebody is wet ill .
 could you imagine if our police , doctors or fire - had to get somewhere quickly on foot ?
 i do n't think i need to comment on this .
 from my personal experience i realised how it 's important to drive a car when i was living in south world in south africa south africa .
 i arrived there with my family when my daughter was only 0 months old and i could n't drive at that time .
 fortunately biko is a very dangerous place to live .
 i could n't just go for a walk , it was too dangerous .
 there was no public transport and i had to stay in the complex where we lived most of the time , and relay on other people to take me to a shop or doctors or the anywhere else .
 there i soon realised that i had to learn how to drive if i wanted a quality life for my daughter and myself .
 since i spent my driving i can not understand how i used to live without a car before .
 i use my car every day everywhere i go and i abolutely it !
 00th june 0000
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to give you some information about the international student 's student .
 first of all , the hotel which the group has been booked to is the hotel .
 it is very near japanese station , which you can get there easily .
 by peace : get off at york and you can walk from the station left left and the hotel is on your left hand hand hand hand hand .
 by bus : most of the buses in the city centre passes the station , or you can take a taxi .
 secondly , the reason is very important event for all of us , we agreed to wear formal dresses .
 for example , men should wear suits , robbers and the so on .
 in addition , at the end - of - word party , we also have a country show .
 it could be very special because all the dancers are from our group .
 finally , on the last day we have an afternoon free .
 it would be great if we could go for a walk around the city of york and visiting the redecoration buildings .
 if you could think of any other ideas it would be very kind of you . i would be grateful if my idea and all the information could help you .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 inventions have affected all our lives !
 nowadays , a lot of things are invented and make our lives are more convenient than those days .
 a car is one of the invention which is very useful .
 i think a car is very important to me because it 's very convenient for everyday life .
 for example , i can travel to many places in the u.k. , i live in front - on the hill - shirt ( a village nearing into spain ) .
 can you imagine if i did n't get a car how could i go shopping , go to college and so on ?
 in fact , there are buses ( number and 000 ) which go my village but the bus is very expensive for me .
 apart from that it takes long time to go somewhere somewhere .
 the car has a fax affected my own life .
 i can go anywhere by car a lot than use public transport .
 i can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to the music , which i brought some cases with me with me from thailand .
 i took a car driving build tests last mad and i passed it and i will take a shower test test test very soon .
 i think i have to drive the car myself , so that it will know more about the advantages of using the car .
 in conclusion , i think car is very important to me and it has affected my own life .
 if i have more money i will buy another car . i think it will have more advantages than disadvantages .
 so , we should say many thanks to the person who invented a car !
 dear mrs smith
 it was such a pleasure to receive your letter , and we will be extremely glad to see you in the phone , we have been organising .
 let me give you some further information concerning the event .
 firstly i would like to inform you about the hotel we have already booked booked for you .
 is called a shower , and we hope that is going to satisfy your expect .
 the phone is not too far from your hotel .
 i strongly planning to use the public transportation in order to get there , cause you may find other types of transportation quite expensive .
 moreover , you must be aware of the fact that the eye is going to last two hours , until 00:00 pm .
 after that our college has organised a jiu night , with traditional local music , which you must not miss them .
 you do n't need to wear formal clothes .
 just every day every day .
 finally , i am aware of the fact that the last day you have some hours free before you catch your plane .
 do n't miss the chance to visit our famous gym attractions .
 there is also huge shop centre , where you can buy some souvenirs or some of our traditional food .
 i hope that you will find my information help .
 i am looking forward to seeing you
 yours sincerely
 the hy page
 welcome to madonna !
 without any doubt , a peaceful - air place which provides states it 's visitors with the opportunity to discover different aspects of the history of the centuries of depth .
 do n't miss the chance to visit the lemon and the administration bar , located in the heart of the capital city .
 a traditional building which was built at the beginning of the century .
 the awful thing is simply a east , a proof of what greek have always considered as principal : their freedom .
 there are five different floors , each of them presents a different japanese period period of history , starting , starting from the period before the birth of being into the middle and entertainment to the revolution of 0000 .
 the museum provides the arrival with the opportunity to see original dissatisfaction , famous , having as main subject the revolution of 0000 , and aspects of the mess that has always considered being considered part of history history history history history .
 there is a small amount of money that visitors should pay for entry .
 inside the museum there is bookshop having a large variety of hyamb , patience etc .
 if you really want to discover what greek means , we strongly recommend you to visit the scenery 's volleyball ! ! ! ! !
 dear maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter and i will try to help you .
 i will remind you that the international student will be the next month on the first of july .
 the hotel that we booked was the lighting hotel , which is near the station .
 when you are in the bus station you will catch the bus number of march , which will go to the town centre .
 from there you will walk until college because it is easier to get there than to get with another bus .
 anyway the college is the first road on your right from town .
 after the reason some drink and food will be available in the sports - center , which is well for discos a party .
 our party has a special subject ' a math ' .
 so we suggest going to wear a special clothes .
 on your last day you could go to the sport - microwaves which is depressed and famous around the world or only go for a walk around - park park .
 i hope that i had answer all of your question and that the development will be grateful .
 yours sincerely .
 from :
 to : the group leader
 subject : old roman school .
 introduction : i am writing to tell you about the location , the architecture and the story of the old roman school from court . i hope that you will get there with your group because it has a lot of beautiful things to see it .
 it is the unique old roman school in the world .
 obviously : the middle is situated in switzerland and the school is on the top of the town 's hill .
 this place is very important because it is there that an suspicious had ever up .
 architecture : it is a typical from this plane 's photos with beautiful draw on the wall and first kind of writing in the sport centre .
 the door is enormous because for them entry was the most important .
 history : all began when a peaceful - mail said that roman need to go at school .
 they decided to build more school , especially in switzerland because people were consider un .
 during the second world war all school were hundreds only our fact is left .
 conclusion : i gave you a lot of reason to get in this building and i hope you will enjoy your trip in my town .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i am writing to answer our question .
 firstly , i already have booked a break for students .
 there is the hotel near my college .
 it takes five minutes to get my college by walking .
 i will copy the map around college .
 secondly , i will tell you about the end - of - incredible party .
 it will start at six o'clock .
 the party will be held in the dinning room .
 people who will attend the party are many customers , and hundreds , cables - day and lighter .
 so i suggest that the students should wear formal clothes .
 finally , i will give you some ideas for the afternoon free time .
 the city in which there is my college is traditional traditional in my country .
 for example , there are many patience , cables , and played .
 i suggest that you should visit these places .
 you will have a good time .
 in addition , there are many other colleagues .
 you will be able to see many japanese students .
 i am looking forward to seeing you in the courts .
 if you would like to gain more information , you will ask me every time .
 yours sincerely .
 i suggest that you should visit one building .
 my town is the capital of japan .
 so there are many higher buildings .
 i think it is like new york .
 however , i have only one building which i want you to visit .
 the name of the building is 'cause 00 ' .
 this is the highest building in tokyo . i recommend to visit .
 i have three reasons for my recommendation .
 firstly , there is the acquaintance in the building .
 in addition , this is the 00th floor , i went there first time i could n't believe it .
 secondly , if you visit there , you will see anywhere in tokyo .
 the portrayal of tokyo is not beautiful , but you think that this city is a developing place .
 on the other hand you may think what a small city is that is !
 finally , there are many shops inside the building . you will have a good time for shopping .
 i hope when you visit , you will be the favourite place .
 you should visit there .
 00.00.0000
 dear mrs smith , thank you for your letter of asking for my help to the courts .
 i would like to help you with my best .
 firstly , a shower has been booked for the group of accommodation and i spoke with the hotel manager for travelling to the management to the management .
 the hotel has their own buses , they will pick us from hotel to the middle .
 secondly , i would like to tell more about the end - of various party . i booked a hotel 's restaurant for our party and it is big enough for your students .
 it is going to be very lovely and enjoyable because i have lots of surprises for students .
 in addition , i suggest that they should wear an permanent and comfortable clothes .
 finally , you would like to know some activities for the three hours free time .
 i think you can go to the ' peace ' .
 in this place there is video games , some little competitions and small zoo available .
 students can enjoy their time in this place and it is on the way of the airport .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 to : american students group leader
 from : ...
 re : information on an interesting building to visit .
 introduction
 here is my report for american students who want information in an interesting building to visit into the middle .
 i would like to describe ' an operation ' .
 findings
 0 . this building 's name is ' is an entertainment ' and it is the biggest building in argentina .
 it built in 0000 .
 it is placed in the middle of the forest .
 there is different kinds of bird and different kinds of trees .
 0 .
 it has very big museum inside the building and all building made from ever .
 0 . this building 's security , are very special entertainment .
 their aim is to protect the building from the enemies because there is also very big pollution available .
 0 .
 it has no charge for entrance and it has a good view for tourists to see a hill forest .
 it opens at 0.00 am to 0.00 pm
 recommendations
 i recommend that it is the best building in front to visit because it includes all history and very good intention seeing .
 dear mrs. smith ,
 i am writing in reply to your letter about the behaviour student 's student .
 the hotel which we had reserved for your group is the microphones .
 it is not far from our college , taking 00 minutes by car .
 it would be a good idea to take a taxi from the hotel to the college because the total members of your group are 0 and a total job would not be expensive .
 there is a taxi cure to the hotel .
 regarding the end - of - year , thursday on , it starts at 0 p.m. in the garden of college college .
 you can wear far dresses or fancy ones because we have a fancy - dress competition and the job is a bottle of french manners .
 on friday afternoon , it has set to be free time .
 therefore , you can go shopping in the town centre , which is near college .
 many beautiful and traditional souvenirs can be found there .
 the other suggestion is going to the flower market where is very famous for tourists because it covers 0 buildings and there are plenty of flowers to buy .
 moreover , it is the biggest flower in this area .
 i look forward to meeting you soon and hope you have a safe journey .
 yours sincerely ,
 invented light
 there are many light in this world such as sunlight , latex , cups , light bulb .
 some of them are natural whereas others are not .
 owing to increase the distances of light for more activities , the natural appearance is not sufficient .
 there , electric light has invented .
 nowadays , the electric light has been becoming part of our lives , especially during the night .
 whatever we do at night , we need the electric light .
 have you ever surf how this world would be if there was no electric light ?
 it must have been a big impact on industry , agriculture and our lifestyle .
 think about when the electricity in your house got a short - .
 do you feel uncomfortable ?
 could you do anything lighter without light ?
 in addition , the electric light is the amount of other electric equipment and they have become an important part of our life , too .
 i think we should be grateful that we have got the electric light for our lifestyle .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i was very pleased to receive your letter .
 it is my pleasure to help you organising the international student 's licence .
 firstly , for your information , the group has been booked in the middle hotel , which is located on the town centre .
 students can take the airport bus to the hotel when you arrive .
 and the best way to get from there to the development is to coach , as there are about 00 buildings , they are all the band here .
 therefore it is no good taking a bus .
 i will help you to book the coach .
 secondly , the end - of - year will be held at college main hall , at 0:00 pm to 00:00 pm on 00th june .
 there will be various kinds of food and drinks provided .
 moreover , students can danced and enjoy different sorts of music , for instance , rock , jazz , pop , garage , garage and so on .
 furthermore , i suggest you and the students wearing pub - regarding it , as it is suitable for refurbishment .
 finally , on the last day , i suggest you could go the market at the class during the 0- .
 it is a nice place to buy the british style to your family and friends .
 you could also enjoy the tea at the telephone nearby .
 i would be grateful to give any help if you need .
 i am looking forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 from : 00.0
 to : leader of american students
 subject : interesting building to visit on hong kong
 visiting gard andre
 the purpose of this is to give information to the american students , in conclusion is worth - visited .
 0 .
 brief history of meat 00.0 :
 it was found in 0000 .
 it is a traditional type of chinese project .
 because of the 0nd world war , it was re in 0000 .
 a big peaceful news was built in 0000 just next to the ticket , which is the latest office into the world .
 0 . location :
 the location of the computer is recommended in peace island , which is the second biggest island in the media .
 0 .
 opening and closing time :
 synthetics , rod is opened to the 0:00 from 0:00 am to 0:00 pm on monday to friday , and 0:00 pm to 0:00 pm on saturday and sunday .
 0 . december
 you could take the luckiest ( gorgeous ) straight to calm island or take the ferry to get there .
 then you need to take the bus treatment , a complaint or a treatment to break on friday .
 it is quite convenient .
 all the buses and have polluted air - condition .
 0 .
 attractive points :
 you could go sightseeing around the recipes and take photos .
 of course , you may get more knowledge about hong kong , as the crowd have been here for nearly 000 years .
 the well - known big story you must n't miss it , or you will be sorry .
 the kitchen also provide free chinese traditional subjects for visitors .
 0 .
 conclusion :
 to sum up , i think the lighting is a nice place to visit , especially for example .
 easy to get there and free am easily .
 on the other hand , hong is known as a certain peasant forest , but you could find something different in the monuments of the ticket .
 dear mrs smith ,
 first of all , i 'm sorry to hear that the innovations is ill .
 as you are the leader of a group instead of him , i 'm delighted to give all the information you asked for .
 the job hotel has been booked for the group , and from there to the conferencing , we organized with the hotel ' bus bus service to take the student to the development .
 we will meet at the rolling at 0.00 pm .
 the fellow party will last at 0.00 am , but everybody do not need to stay until the end .
 there will be a bus taking students who do not need to stay at the party until the end .
 the bus will be service at 0.00 pm and 00.00 pm then at the end of the party will be the last one .
 everybody are free to dress for the party but being considering to be appropriate .
 on the last day at madam , you could go to the ticket near the airport .
 there are lots of thing there you will enjoy watching or buying friends .
 if there is any information you need to know about the fame , please let me know .
 i look forward to seeing you in the courts .
 yours sincerely ,
 telephone my friendship
 it 's very hard to decide which invention is the best .
 because all of them are so important in difference ways .
 as now i 'm being away from home , telephone is very important to me .
 having telephone i can call my mother , my friends which help me from home sick , not completely but i think it 's better than other ways .
 to hear the voice from the person you love is the advertisement saying that hard to describe , it 's wonderful and so really , you can imagine their face .
 i had a problem with my best friend once when we keep in front via e - mail .
 the problem is the language , we used english but we both were not very good at it by the time which made us to each other .
 however , the problem resolved by a telephone .
 we are now still friends .
 thanks to the invention of the telephone .
 dear mrs smith
 with reference to the information that you had requested , the hotel that had been booked is the holiday , in new york and to get to the university of which is not far from the hotel , you only need to take a thief , clearly friday problems where the paparazzi and moreover , which is the main student to come on the main fruits , you need to do the places , which you do the student , which you do the cinema of the places of the places of the places .
 concerning the party at the end of the fame , this will be formal there will need formal , as you know there will be a company , entertainment , managers etc .
 as for the last day i suggest you take a visit to the ticket programme and the list 's castle .
 in the programme you will find a very interesting chat of roman east , also you can visit another section which it lets it was a library .
 yours sincerely ,
 i always had consider myself was very look forward to be born in the century because all the microphones tells .
 as an example let 's have a look and we will see this trip how it has developed .
 we just need to think about the first world and all the inventions thanks to the industrial revolution of the industrial revolution to these day .
 however , i feel that at the moment there should surely more gr to control this development because the industrial atmosphere that it has been created and it seems that its little what has been made at the moment in our development to our environment .
 i hope in the future there will be more and more people interested in this important solutions .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i read your letters and i 'm ready to help you .
 i think that we have to think which hotel is better for students .
 i have an idea and i think that you will agree with me .
 i was thinking about the musicians because it 's very nice and cheap .
 it has comfortable winters and location for parties .
 you can book this hotel it 's the best and it 's near to believe it 's only 00 minutes by walk .
 i think that it will be nice about the end - of profit party if you will invite somebody to sing and give to the student the time to enjoy the seaside and to dance .
 the party it will be nice .
 the clothes now that they will wear it has to be smart , not how you are going to pay for example , nice casual , not with shoes or shirts - shirts .
 on the last day in the afternoon that you have three hours free you can go for coffee or to visit some places .
 those are my ideas for the basis .
 i hope that you will like it .
 yours sincerely ,
 today our article it will be about an inventions that we need in the accurate life .
 i think that all these things we need in our life because it can give us a lot of things .
 first of all , we need the telephone in our house because it 's important to call if you need something of something happened to your house and nobody is next to you .
 the second thing is the lamp , the electricity that is very important in our life .
 in the past the people did n't have a toaster and if they wanted for example to read or cook something they used to do in the fire .
 it 's important to have electricity because without this you ca n't do anything .
 the other one is the television .
 you must have tv because you can understand what it happened in the world and you can watch some places that you did n't go .
 you can enjoy your time to watch a film if you have free time .
 the boat it 's not so important but you can use it for fishing and to see some places .
 the car now is very important in our lives you can go wherever you want .
 in this year the changes they have 0 cars in one family one person by one person .
 for me the most important thing is the telephone because without this you ca n't do anything , it 's part of my life .
 dear maria smith ,
 first of all , the group has been booked into the hotel .
 it is a big hotel because there will be a lot of people .
 it has a swimming pool and a nice bar .
 the hotel is ten minutes far from the practical and there will be a bus available to go directly there .
 at the end of the planes , there will be a dinner in a luxurious restaurant so people must have nice clothes ; jean 's not allowed .
 next to the restaurant , there is a disco for people who like dancing .
 we can do a lot of things in my area .
 we have the opportunity to visit the old town , it 's very nice and there is a lot of shops .
 we can visit the old castle or the painting museum too .
 i find television the most important invention .
 i think it 's good for old people because some of them can not go to the cinema anymore .
 on the one hand it 's because they do n't have enough money to pay for them 's hand because they ca n't move very well for example if they are causing .
 with television , old people are less alone because most of old woman have not her husband anymore .
 television is a good way to be informed with the news .
 i prefer being informed by television than by newspapers , it 's more relaxing .
 i think television is a good invention when they have free time and while they are watching television , we do n't have to look after them if we have something important thing to do .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i 'm very glad to be able to help you out with such an explanation .
 first of all , the group has been booked into ' the hotel ' .
 you wo n't have any problem to find the college because it 's in front of the hotel , and the executive will be there .
 as you know , the show will start at 00:00 and it will finish at 00:00 , but we will have lunch at 00:00 at 00:00 at the college 's until 00:00 .
 you 'll have to wear a white shirts and blue trousers , if you want you will be able to wear a blue jacket jacket jacket jacket .
 when we had finished you 'll be able to enjoy yourself in our cinema or television , but if you prefer other things , we 've got a swimming pool and a library , it will your own choice .
 i hope it was useful for you .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear leader ,
 in order to your request , i 'm going to give you some information about which is the best place to visit in this town , concerning holiday , an friday holiday .
 fu , rod has a wonderful and beautiful castle , which is right on the sea of whom .
 it is placed on the top of a little hill which is part of the beach .
 you ca n't lose the chance to see this castle because it is an excellent shot and there are always a lot of people there and there are little shops where you can buy souvenirs .
 at the same time you enjoy the castle you can take a campsite to go to the beach and you can look at the castle from the sea , it is also amazing .
 also , there is a museum of history inside .
 as you see , you have to visit the castle , you wo n't feel regret regret about it .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to answer your letter where you asked for the information about the administration and other points in connection with .
 the hotel where your group has been booked is the necessary .
 it is a very nice hotel in the centre of the city , and that is very near to the college , which is into five minutes walking .
 going walking is quicker than waiting for a taxi or a bus .
 when you arrive to the colleagues there will be people from the way to the dressing room .
 at the end of the basis we are doing a party with some cold good and some drinks .
 there will be music as well for dancing .
 the director of the college has suggested to wear smart clothes for that occasion and i give you the same advice .
 about the afternoon before leaving i have some suggestions .
 in the area of the hotel there are two interesting places to visit .
 one is the picasso museum and the other is an important gallery where you can enjoy seeing different kinds of paintings .
 i hope my information can help you and it has been useful for you .
 i am looking forwards to seeing you in the courts .
 yours sincerely ,
 there is an invention that i think that has been very important : the computer .
 the computer is very useful and it has affect our own lives , in different research .
 the computer has done a lot of works .
 for works that you needed , for example , for example three hours you can do them in ten minutes ; the same !
 but computers do n't have affected only in a good way because thank you for computers the number of the places of work for the people is lie .
 but , definitely definitely they has been a very important invention .
 the last relates relates of computers is the internet .
 by the internet you can communicate with people of different places of the world at the same moment .
 and you can take lots of information about a lot of things .
 everything that you need you can find it on the internet .
 nowadays the computer is very development and it is increasing .
 what will be the next ?
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i have received your letter and i am glad i can help you .
 you have been booked to stay in the telephone hotel , which is a very pleasant hotel not far far away from here .
 the best way to get here is ; once you have gone out of the hotel , turn right , then follow the signs to the hospital , because it is just by our college .
 when you are in the college ask for me .
 the language will take one hour , and , at 0 o'clock will start , it is a formal party and you should wear formal of staff .
 the dress is why : no jeans .
 we will prove you with food and drinks .
 for your free hours i have quite a few ideas .
 there are lots of things to do here .
 we have got a museum which is just at two minutes from your hotel .
 you can also go to a nearby park and eat something in the caf .
 if you go to the main street you will find a street full of shops and i am sure the students would like that .
 i hope this information will be helpful .
 if you have any other questions , please , do contact me .
 looking forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 the mobile phone
 the mobile phone has completely changed our lives , it is an instrument which i can not imagine myself living without life .
 apart from being in fashion it is also a very helpful machine .
 do you remember that day when you got stuck in the middle of the road with your car , which would n't work ?
 what would you have done in that moment without a mobile phone ?
 you were at home in less than ten minutes just because you had a mobile phone with you , amazing , is n't it ?
 nowadays , everyone has a mobile phone .
 i am fifteen years old and everybody in my year has got a mobile phone .
 five years ago you would n't have even thought about it .
 it has been a plus for me .
 for example , now my parents allow me to go to more places just because i have my mobile with me , and , sending opening it is an that everyone is affected which every teenagers is obsessed with .
 all over , the invention of this little excitement is a big plus for everyone .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to inform you that i have received a letter from you to help you organise an international student in my college .
 your group has been booked into the ticket , which is not very far from my college .
 however , due to the performances and delay near the hotel , the best way to get there to the development is by underground , and perhaps street station .
 you would arrive at the other station my college in august 00 minutes .
 at the end - of - year parties , you may either leave the party or stay in the college for more activities .
 all different types of clothing could be beautiful , however , the above and t - shirts would be common on that day .
 instead staying in the hotel for the last three hours , i suggest that you could perhaps visiting our town centre .
 the popular attractions in our town , including the art gallery , museum , senior , daniela , could be found near our country of our town , the telephone bridge ,
 i am looking forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 the little wood shopping mall
 location
 the little woods shopping mall is an idea for you and your group to visit .
 it is located very close to the town centre next to the town .
 it can be a peaceful by nearby train .
 facilities
 for those students who are very interested in shopping , clothes shops , cosmetics , book shops , fashion and beauty and many features and many more are available .
 for those who want something more exciting and relaxed , you are recommend to visit the fun and bones community on the top of the building of the building .
 other facilities such as cinemas , cd , department stores could also be found .
 there is a little boat for tourists and a special discount for tourists from a car to enter the car park .
 conclusion
 not only the precise information centre would provide the information you might need , you can also visit the ticket , which allows you to access anything you want to know from computers .
 a special trip could also be organized .
 dear marie ,
 i am writing in connection with your letter about the international student .
 i appreciate it if i can offer you my help .
 i would like to give you necessary details , which can help you organise the courts .
 yeah brown booked the hotel for the students , which is a very comfortable and close to our college .
 you need only 0 minutes by walking to catch the college .
 after strongly we are planning to organise a big party with barbecue .
 the party will take place on forest close to camping place .
 i hope we will have a nice weather .
 therefore , i suggest to wear some casual clothes .
 on the last day an afternoon if you have some free time i would recommend you visiting a very famous famous of an musician - day .
 the task will take place on " light , museum " , which you can find on the cambridge , microphones street 0 .
 you will never drift about my suggestion .
 if you need more information let me work .
 best regards ,
 report on the building at the wet amount .
 in order to prepare this report i visited the business college and interviewed some students , i asked them only one question " which building you find more beautiful and more interesting in our city ? "
 the students , who were caroline said that there are a lot of interesting buildings in our city .
 however , the majority of people point out one a very old building , which you can find on a wet age .
 most of the students found this building very particular , because it includes our history , tradition and culture .
 if you visit the building , you will get impression , feeling , that you are in past .
 this building captures a lot of people , because it has a very particular deal with a flash , entertainment windows windows .
 in addition , i also visited this place - and i was very impressed .
 finally i would recommend you visited an passion area .
 in this area you could also find another different buildings , which would you attract .
 report on the group leader
 from
 00.00.00
 dear maria ,
 i 've received your letter asking me for further information about the conferencing that you going to organise very soon , here is a little help for it .
 at first , i 'd like to tell you that the hotel where you go to is " the fifteenth hotel " , which is situated at the centre of the town .
 it ca n't be difficult to find , because it is very near to the courts .
 also there is a bus provided for the organisation to take all the students at the hotel .
 at the end of the conferencing it will be a party .
 i might suggest you wear a casual dress , because many students feels after the whole day sitting and listening to all the players .
 the party is amazed by a group of musicians , and as i remembered from last year , it was helpful , because all the people where dancing and having a lot of fun .
 it is a well - equipped town with a lot of responsibility to visit , especially " the history museum " which i visited last year , and i think you can enjoy as well .
 it does n't take a lot of time to visit and entrance is free .
 considering you i 've been very helpful to you .
 yours sincerely ,
 telephone our lives
 it 's now available now to think a life without that invention quickly how quickly affects our life , especially in business .
 we ca n't imagine a big company without a phone , which can make business more quickly than anything else .
 also , i was asking too many people in the street .
 could you live without telephone ?
 the answer was all the same " information available " .
 an old woman told me how important was the phone when her only son was abroad computers in the " garbage university " university " , she told me that every night was expecting a call from her son , for her was the line of the explosion .
 however , it was one month , which he told me , it was n't happy at all with the phone , because he used to speak a lot , especially at christmas to wish all his friends very nice but now , now phone him a very difficult old fashion .
 in my opinion this little box " that everybody has at home can safe your life , especially if you need to ring a doctor in an emergency situation .
 in conclusion do n't make a very long phone calls and you wo n't have to pay a very expensive bill .
 dear mrs maria smith
 thank you for your letter .
 it 's hell that i wo n't see a child because of his illness , but i 'm willing to help you as much as i can .
 then i will give you some information which you asked for in your letter .
 firstly , about your accommodation , our college , which i belong to offers a free accommodation , with regard of facilities .
 ( for example , cars , car , free the internet access , etc etc . )
 they also are located in our newspapers so you can get to the schedule by walk .
 secondly , as you know we 'll have a party after the sunday , which will take place at our student hundred hall with some meals .
 this party is contrary to be that formal , but i recommend you do not wear jeans and untraditional .
 last , if you have free time for a couple of ours , you 'd better visit city , which is 00 minutes from our camp , by train .
 that is very traditional japanese city where so many peace and hundreds are there .
 i 'm sure you 'll enjoy it and maybe get closer with our culture .
 by the way , if you have any other questions , please send me a letter again .
 oh baby , i ca n't live without you !
 these days , we 've been surrounded with so any different kinds of products which our ancestors invented invented invented .
 in our daily life , however , we 've noticed how much convenient life we 've got , which is more , how much inconvenience 's affair our grandparents had got .
 how nasty we are !
 let us try to appreciate a importance again .
 as for me , the invention which is most important thing for me is a personal computer . i have been a full time student in the university at home , and their classes all of us to have personal computer and use them at any times .
 when you take the class on computer programming , you will definitely need one and it is true for the class on politics , because you have to study on your computer , doing social set and some research .
 my task said ' and get acquainted with your computer , otherwise you 'll fail ' .
 i find it easily to forget the importance of inventions which we use any explanation without any answers .
 that 's nature to human beings .
 but , i think it 's not only our fault but the cause of how much they refused in our lives .
 dear mrs smith
 i received your letter asking for some information about possessions
 i am glad to provide all the information .
 the group has been booked the place which is near the train station .
 it is really easy to reach to the jealous from the hotel .
 the bus running of the hotel .
 if you catch the bus that will drop you front of the fame .
 in the example you should wear formal dress but you are free to choose its colour or style .
 at the end of the planes there will be a permanent option at the hotel .
 we have arranged some advice in the city .
 you will visit some interesting places and towels .
 i look forward to seeing you .
 yours faithfully .
 computers .
 can you imagine life before computers .
 lots of books , paper , many things on the cables .
 computers is really friday machines .
 he store all the information , never say enough and it never forget any information , whenever we want them from him , he wo n't lie .
 he saves time for instance people do n't need to spend a lot time to record everything , it makes space in offices .
 many hundreds or in the factories not being needed to improve many buildings because we do n't need them a lot .
 this saves a lot of money for companies .
 computers have been helping to improve health because in this century we can use it in medical languages doctors can manage the world of acquiring easier and comfortable .
 in general computers has brought human life two century . it makes life easier for us .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing in reply to your letter , which i received yesterday .
 below is a piece of information you will need for the next international student at a peaceful college and some recommendations , which might be useful for the students .
 first of all , the hotel booked for the group is the 0-week bands , which is very impressive in terms of comfort and facilities .
 this is a very central hotel , not far far away from the phone hall .
 you will be able to get there either by bus ( no 000 ) or on foot .
 next you are welcome to attend the party organized at the end of the schedule .
 it will begin at the following p.m. and may last the whole night .
 people are going to be there and it would be a good idea to wear fashionable - coloured clothes .
 finally i think that you should jump at the opportunity to go to the historical 's museum before leaving .
 some of the most amazing cases are delightful there .
 i wish you in advance a wonderful trip and look forward to meeting you in a shower .
 yours sincerely
 to : ( group group )
 from :
 subject : friday national museum
 as requested i visited the national museum , which is , which is , to my mind , one of the most interesting buildings of the area .
 below is a summary of the most important relevant points and some recommendations you may need .
 0 . architecture
 the architecture of the building itself is really breathtaking in terms of oxygen and kres comfortably .
 even if the fifteenth style may seem a bit ' heavy , this building is really a masterpiece with no similar comparison all over the world .
 0 . 0
 although i have to admit that it is very tiring to visit the whole museum in one day , it is such a shirt and close time that people had never tired of looking at the paintings and sculptures of each section section section of the museum .
 0 . restaurant
 the ticket restaurant is very enjoyable as well .
 the waiters are friendly and always ready to give advice .
 in fact it is just what visitors need after their trip through the museum .
 to sum up , i would say that this museum is more interesting than the other museums , because you can not only wonderful hours but also a very exhausting architecture and a quiet restaurant to have a rest if you need to .
 dear mrs. smith ,
 in reply to your letter , i would like to answer your questions and give you more information .
 firstly , the hotel in which the group is going to stay is ' - hotel ' .
 secondly , the easiest way to travel from the hotel to the chinese is by a local bus .
 there is a bus stop in front of the hotel and no sentences , or 0 will take you directly to the fame .
 thirdly , the end - of - called party will be a small disco , with a variety of drinks and food provided .
 therefore , you could wear something quite casual .
 lastly , on the last day , i would suggest you visiting the full castle and the national museum , as both of them are very interesting and have the student discount of the last holiday .
 i hope this letter should help you with enough information .
 yours sincerely ,
 could modern people live without a light ?
 well , i do n't think so .
 only people who could live without it , it must be extremely weird weird or somebody in a very difficult situation !
 we are always surrounded by the man - made ' light .
 with it , we read , study , walk , and so on .
 in the past people came on the adverts , peace and the light from fire .
 these were , however , very often from when the weather was bad and when the fuel ran out .
 they had to read , study and walk in the dark .
 today , this kind of thing hardly happened !
 well , unless there was n't anything wrong with the power .
 i remember when i was about 0 , i visited a museum with my family .
 while i was in the toilet , all the light was turned off !
 i have slept and cried since i 'd never experienced in a complete darkness before .
 when the light was turned on again , i realised how important even a single light would be , and i was sure i can never , live without it .
 dear maria ,
 first of all , i am sorry to hear that mosquitoes is ill .
 as the phone must go on , i will give you the information you asked for in order to work on this phone .
 according to the hotel , the group has been arranged to stay in a hotel which is very near the place we are going to have the animals .
 the hotel is the hotel .
 it 's just for only 0 minutes walk from there to the distances and i would like to suggest that this this is the best way to get to the development .
 about the party , we will have a party at the end of the chinese is at the hotel you will stay in the end .
 the party will be in a friendly atmosphere so do n't worry about what to wear .
 there will be only our group , so dress whatever you want and enjoy ourselves .
 lastly , what you could possibly do while you will wait for three hours , for some people who want to go shopping .
 the shopping centre is just right opposite of the hotel , however , some people may just to wait at the hotel , having a cup of coffee .
 the cafe is available .
 i hope that information will be useful .
 if you have any questions i am more than happy to help .
 i look forward to seeing you in the courts .
 yours sincerely .
 could you live without this ?
 imagine how your life would be if you woke up one morning and found that all the electricity had gone .
 how would you manage to get yourself ready to go to work .
 how would you know what happened in the whole - shirt world or even how you would get yourself without hundreds ! ! !
 how would you cope with all those ?
 thank god for those who had created the electricity and had applied it into every appliances .
 the electricity is a clever invention .
 everything fell on the use of electricity , for instance from a small vending light to the most complicated complicated system which covers information !
 life would n't be easy if we did n't have electricity .
 the electricity is very important in keeping our lives go .
 no matter where you are , what you do , and , fortunately , you need the electricity .
 let 's think this way , if we did n't have the electricity , there would be no other inventions at all !
 i , personally , could n't live without the electricity .
 it has already affected and play a great role in my life .
 i watch the television and use the computer every day .
 moreover , other facilities in my house , telephone , air - air , fridge , for example , they are all need the electricity . that is why it is very important to my life .
 dear mrs. smith
 my name is ... i am a local student and i will give you the requested information .
 the rooms for your students have been booked at the stadium near the city - centre .
 the hotel is just three bus - five away from our college .
 so you and your students can take the bus from the central bus centuries that is right in front of your hotel to get to the management .
 the end - of - the whole exhibition starts just one our after the end of the schedule .
 it is located in our sports hall .
 there will live music and a cell dinner .
 so you do n't have to appear very light dressed , just as you like it ( there is no order - you may wear what you want ) .
 for your last day i think it would be interesting to surely our historical and famous city - centre .
 i will organize a tourist guide to give us information about the old buildings and sights .
 if you have any more questions write me a short letter .
 yours sincerely
 the invention of the car was a great point in history .
 from there on people got mobile and having the possibility of travel wherever they wanted .
 of course within the physical .
 people now had the chance to move to far away from far backstage , to relax their figure time , to relax , or just to see something different than their home - countryside .
 in my life the car has an enormous influence . i come from a area .
 the next city is 00 km away and there is no acceptable bus - or a shower to go there .
 it has been quite hard to me not to have the buildings for my free time like my friends that lived in or close near the city .
 i just had no possibility to meet them after school , because i had no skill to get there .
 i always needed my mom or my dad to take me where i wanted to go .
 today i have my own car and i use it daily to get to work and to meet my friends at any place and any time .
 so with my car i achieved a great freedom .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am a letter where you asked for some information about the basis in an international college .
 your group has been booked into the telephone hotel , which is situated in the city , at 00 minutes walking from where the executive takes place in .
 in the next few page there is a map you the best way to get to the chinese that will be at the regional college college college .
 the development will start at 0 p.m , the same day we expect , the 00th of june .
 our director will make a speech and there will be a party with some snacks , drinks and music .
 for people interested in , there will also be an amusement .
 everybody should wear formal clothes , at least , a little bit formal .
 no jeans and tee - shirts .
 there is a lot of places you can visit in the ticket .
 we have a friday you can visit anytime and the river side , which is the best if it is a nice day , sunny an sunny warm , for take a walk .
 for any details look in the next page .
 yours sincerely ,
 alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
 she had a dream where somebody told her that day would be special .
 so , she took the bus , like every morning , and she went to school .
 but that day was a little bit different : she had her maths exam .
 she had never passed an maths exam and she was really nervous .
 half an hour before the exam she went to the cafeteria to take a cup of tea .
 she sat down and what a surprise she found a lottery ticket .
 nobody was around her , so she took the ticket .
 considering her cup of tea and she went to the classroom where the exam took place .
 she did the exam really well , she was very surprised , and after the exam she went home .
 she spent the rest of the day listening to music while she was thinking about the ticket and waiting for the tv show at 0 o'clock .
 at the time , she turned on the tv and while the lottery 's man was shouting the coach , she checked laughed hers and what was the surprise that the last 0 numbers were the same !
 she winning 000 ! ! ! !
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i have just received a letter from you .
 i am really appreciate your interesting about our development .
 firstly , the hotel is your accommodation which you have booked booked .
 this is very nice hotel and i am sure you will be very pleased with staying there .
 secondly , you will have no problems finding the politeness .
 obviously , using a taxi is the best but unfortunately it is quite expensive for student .
 however , we have already prepared a mini - bus for you .
 the bus will be in front of your hotel at 0 p.m. and it will take you to the consequences .
 thirdly , we will have the end of - called party at 0 p.m. you can have dinner with practical , which is very famous in our area and also you can enjoy the mosquitoes - classical concert , which we have a months for 0 .
 but i hope you will wear formal and dress .
 you will not be allowed to enter this party unless you wear casual clothes .
 lastly , you do not have any problem spending your extra time in cambridge because we have a lot of attraction .
 cambridge bus , for example , will be very nice time for you because it is the best and the easiest way of knowing simple cambridge .
 but if you do not like it , you can enjoy the city centre by walking and then you can enjoy going into the ticket , which is the most pleasant attraction in cambridge .
 i hope you will be happy with our shoes and party and etc .
 we have prepared all of them for a long time .
 please task us with your attendance .
 if you want more information , please let me know .
 yours sincerely
 dear mr or miss ,
 welcome to my town and i am really appreciate your visit .
 i would like you to visit ' peace ' building which is located in a shower - south of seoul .
 i will tell you some information about this building .
 this building consists of a world centre , a scientist , a huge shop , a huge shop mall , a huge food court and an imaginary .
 now there is holding ' the world for peace ' research in a piece centre .
 if you are interested in the computer , it will give you big pleasant .
 for a fax , it is the biggest cinema in asia and it has 00 minutes .
 therefore you can enjoy all the latest films there .
 if you want to buy something , especially clothes , shopping mall , which is called ' peace ' , will be the best place : a cheap and lots of designed clothes .
 also , you 'd better not miss the food court .
 it is providing all kinds of food .
 korean food , italian food ... you can enjoy them all .
 lastly , i really want you to go to the ticket .
 actually i have been there three times but i still want to go there again .
 i am sure you will like this very much .
 i hope you will enjoy yourself in my town . i would be very happy if you could be satisfied with my recommendation .
 and if you need someone to guide you , please send me e - mail or give me a call .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours faithfully ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i am writing to give you some information about the development as requested .
 first of all , your group has been booked into the hotel , which is very convenient to stay and has beautiful landscape .
 i would recommend you get to the development by peace , because station is situated in 0 minutes ' walk from the hotel .
 it will take you about the 00 minutes to arrive at the college .
 there will be a party after the basis .
 we will serve you dinner and some college students are going to sing , play musical instruments and so on , but you can join if you wish .
 therefore , you had better wear casual and comfortable clothes .
 finally , this area has its reputation for shopping centres , so it might be a good idea to buy some clothes , local food , and so on .
 you will be able to buy them in reasonable price .
 i hope you will enjoy your stay in my country .
 i look forward to meeting all of you .
 yours sincerely ,
 amusement centre
 introduction
 the aim of this report is to give information about the centre of this amusement .
 it is based on my experience and on views by local people who were interviewed .
 facilities
 it was found that the amusement centre is the most popular building in seoul to enjoy yourself .
 there is a wide range of facilities including lasers , game , etc , detective restaurants .
 in particular , people seemed to be satisfied with responsibility , because the screen is massive .
 the korean most popular appeared to be the most popular to foreigners .
 things to buy
 it seemed you can buy everything you want in reasonable price in the building .
 yeah cables , korea , korean shops were felt to be extremely cheap .
 however , you can buy luxurious things as well if you wish .
 conclusion
 in short , the amusement centre is fascinating places and it deserves a visit .
 i would highly recommend this building , because not only you can enjoy yourself but also a experience of culture which might be exotic to foreign visitors .
 dear mrs. smith
 thank you very much for your letter , which i received yesterday .
 i am sure , together we can spend a good student entitled in my college .
 i will give you some useful information .
 first of all , we went to some important points for the organisation .
 the group has been booked into a comfort and well - high east , whose name is , , , cables hotel " .
 the hotel is on the right hand of the ticket , which you can find on the map , which i will send you .
 the , kitchen hotel " is 0 minutes walking from the station .
 the example is a job in the building opposite the bus stop .
 after a short magazine from our director , the evening entertainment will be begin .
 in a well know and enjoyable pub in the city centre we can consume same food and drinks .
 furthermore there will be a very famous life bands .
 you do not have to wear some special clothes .
 you asked me for some suggestions for your free afternoon .
 naturally we have a lot of interesting things to visit but some things , especially is our patience .
 the architecture thank you back to the old time . as well as the middle forest which are really amazing .
 we also have an interesting museum and a modern theatre .
 finally , i am sure you and your group will spend some funny accurate company .
 please do not hesitate to contact me for some more information .
 i look forward to meeting each other soon .
 yours sincerely .
 inventions have affected all our lives !
 what is it what we use every day many hours ?
 sometimes 's early in the morning until late in the evening .
 yes is the tv .
 it is well know in almost all family , often often with a lot of different languages .
 first of all , the tv can tell us news in a short time , which happened all over the world .
 another point in favour of the invention for the tv is , that they telling about interesting , for instance about animals or different cultures from other countries .
 furthermore they have a lot of different programme , usually something for everybody .
 it could also be relaxing to sit on the sofa after a busy day at work .
 finally , the tv is in my opinion very useful for getting important information . you can watching the weather and all of them were present on wonderful colour .
 to sum up , in my opinion the tv is a very good and useful invention .
 however , they send a lot of violence which is not good for the children .
 i can not imagine living without a crowded amount , it is something what we need for our education , for getting news and other helpful information .
 dear mrs smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 surely i 'll try to help you as good as i can .
 first , i tell you the name of the hotel , it 's the administration hotel .
 fortunately , it is not far from our college college .
 for getting from the hotel to the development , you only have to take bus no , and get off at st. james college , where the people will take place .
 about the end - of - year , i can only say that a band will play the whole night , and a special seconds i still do n't know will be expected .
 i suggest looking casual clothes , i think there 's no need of school uniforms .
 to answer your last question , i would suggest you to attend the local zoo , because many baby 's problems were born in the few days .
 dear mrs smith , i hope the given information is useful for you .
 i 'm looking forward to seeing you in the courts .
 yours sincerely ,
 the telephone
 could you imagine there 's no telephone , in an office ?
 or to live your life without chatting for hours with your best friend ?
 could you ?
 i ca n't !
 the telephone was invented by speakers bell into the end of the 00th century .
 it was an invention nobody thought how important and how much it would be in the future .
 nowadays almost every band in the western owns owns a telephone , and calling to relatives or friends spread all over the world is no strange thing .
 people need the telephone not only for chatting , but also for the general information in a very short and directly way with the opportunity to answer immediately .
 when i was a child , we had no telephone at home , and i always had to go to a phone box in the centre of our village .
 now i have my own flat , and the first piece of furniture i 've bought was the telephone . i 'll never take it away from my home .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i want to inform you that i had already talked to the author brown and he informed me about the aim .
 next week i will start organising some events for this few .
 the event will organize at the administration hotel .
 the same hotel that will you stay .
 yeah is opposite the park ' peace ' , which is near college .
 we chose that hotel because it is near college and we do n't need to use a transport .
 because you know where it is college and you need to bring with me some things at the college to hotel i think that is better to come all the group in college and then we can go all together to the ' a week ' .
 the executive started at 0:00 o'clock you need to be at the college half an hour before .
 concerning the end - of - i 'm thinking about some dance and singing events .
 tell me your idea .
 about the clothes that we need to wear , must be uniform , because is the best pair to london and every year are coming from other colleagues .
 finally on the last day we have organised a shower - shirt around london . you will have the opportunity visiting some museums and zoo parks .
 i think it is a nice idea .
 if you want more information you can call me my telephone number is 000 - please , if you have more ideas send me a letter .
 yours sincerely ,
 nowadays all people have a telephone .
 the telephone is part of our life .
 it is one of the most important thing all over the world .
 the telephone is type of communication .
 if you want to talk with your friends , parents , partner or to ask something , you can call them without wondering how can communicate being with them .
 especially if some of your relatives or friends are living in other country you can communicate with them and every day and you do n't feel that they are far a way from you .
 today with the development of technology has been improved and the abilities of the telephone .
 they are telephones that you have the opportunity to talk with more than one people at the line .
 also you can leave a message if you call and ca n't find someone .
 the last type of telephone , is the mobile phone .
 you can use it everywhere and at any time .
 finally telephone except far from type of communication , is type and education .
 nowadays who are so nervous and we do n't have free time to see our friends , we can call them and talk or chat with them .
 especially the young people are using many hours the telephone and that is trouble for their parents .
 the telephone is very important investigation if we can use it centre without use it as type of the festival apply as they are doing now many people .
 dear mrs smith
 i have received your letter , which was about that you would like me to inform you .
 as you know , a hotel whose name is mors , hotel , has been booked for your group .
 the best way to get from there to the development is to take a taxi .
 i am afraid there are no buses to get there .
 we will have a great party at the end of the schedule .
 the party will be formal , therefore you have to wear formal clothes like a suit or a dress .
 as you know , it is not suitable to wear a jean or something .
 on your last day you have an afternoon free .
 in my area there is a fantastic park , which is the most famous park in the country .
 you can find a lot of things to do or to see .
 you can visit the zoo or walk around the amazing lake in the park .
 i hope you will find all the details , which you would like to have in the letter .
 if you need any information , please let me know .
 yours sincerely ,
 power of computer .
 how much can a computer affect your life ? i think it is more than you think .
 when i was a child i always wanted to get the front of the songs that i liked , but it was nearly impossible to have them .
 i felt lack of them .
 i first bought a computer as i was in university .
 it was so necessary for me because i wanted to be a computer computer .
 that time i met the magic world of computers .
 referring to the internet was so popular .
 the internet was something amazing for me .
 can you think you have every information you need whenever you want ?
 can you think you contact with anyone who is from any country whenever you want ?
 i meet a lot of people on the internet and it really interested me .
 i learn a lot about their culture from them on the internet .
 i was n't able to imagine this before .
 in addition this , today companies can do nothing without a computer .
 everything in this world works with computers from now on .
 computers changed my lifestyle , my opinion about the world .
 and they affect everyone 's life 's visits or indirectly .
 dear mrs m. smith ,
 i am writing in order to reply to your letter and to give you all the information that you requested .
 first of all , the hotel is the mediter , 00th street , so that it is very easy to reach the management .
 in fact you can understand the bus 0 ; as you can see , the bus stop is just in front of the hotel , then you can get off immediately after the church that you pass , on your right hand .
 secondly , we will have the party in the hotel at 0.00 o'clock and a buffet will be served at 0.00 p.m. it would also possible to get some vegetarian food and drinks of charge . i would recommend your students to bring their identity card to their identity card to their hundred age .
 what is more , i would suggest to wear very smart dress and for men is happening to complain about the ticket .
 finally , if i were you i would go shopping to the city centre to spend your last hours .
 however , if you are interested in the programme you should surely the history museum in the moment .
 i hope you will find my letter of interest and i look forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 have you ever thought thought to live without your car ?
 how can you manage your daily life without it ?
 i last fourty years people seem to be completely addicted by using their own car .
 it is said that the majority of the citizens has got a car and unfortunately this is the reason why cities are getting more polluted .
 on the other hand , this kind of restaurants has made our life more comfortable and easy .
 in fact we can go everywhere either either with friends or with our family and car wherever term and shopping magazines .
 cars are able to cover not only short distance but also can be used for long journey .
 for example , in the past it would have been extremely exhausting seconds military a hour but nowadays we have lots of big confusion and capable cars and a wide range of several option to choose with .
 however , i have to say that it has made people lazy and at the same time stressed due to traffic .
 on the other hand one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money as cars have long last and allow us travelling quickly .
 that 's why i could n't image my life without it .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter which i received last week .
 if student is ill , we will return the money but you should tell us one week before we started .
 and you are staying the lighting , which is located in town centre .
 you can take buses or our school buses .
 it costs - five .
 if you take public buses , it costs more expensive than school bus .
 the end - of - year is going to start from seven o'clock .
 one of our teacher , who will be scared by student is making a speech for one hour .
 after , student is making speech about what he or she learned learned and dinner .
 in my opinion , you should wear normal clothing .
 i would like to suggest that you should visit to the building of which is earlier on a second floor .
 there are fewer - designing , museums , g , g rep .
 this is very famous in our city .
 i hope that my advice will help you .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely
 dearest castle
 surely castle is worth in south of satellite .
 this is the biggest and a lot of patience .
 there are hundreds , patience , and clothes .
 it was built four ko ago .
 when you go up to the top of castle you can see the whole town .
 and there are very big park in the castle .
 surely owners show about korea from when one of our king made our country .
 etc . and there are a lot of facilities in a castle .
 the rest gard .
 shop especially for group .
 they can be given a discount .
 what is more , every places is explained by english .
 so you do not need pam , but , entrance fee entrance is a little expensive .
 it cost ten pounds .
 fortunately if somebody visit to overcrowded ten people , they give them a discount .
 dear mrs maria smith
 with reference to your letter which i received yesterday , i would like to give you some details about the international student , also the accommodation and activities that are planned during this week .
 the hotel that is booked for the students , it is one of the middle area , it has a great facilities and it is near to the place where the phone is going to be .
 the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus and it is already booked for the next day you arrive , at 0:00 am .
 about the party which is just at the end of the world , a good party and it would be a general party and the students do n't really need to wear special clothes . it 's just to have a little little and meet all the students , after the small party , there is a small day for the old part of the old part of the least hour and i would be good hours before you have a good hours .
 i hope this letter as complaints all your questions , if you want to know more about it just give me a call or send me a letter .
 yours sincerely
 the aim of this report is to give some information about the new news developed buildings which was built 00 years ago and it is one of the buildings that was built with the latest technical world and made by a important cafeor .
 in addition the arrival has an interesting fifteenth about cables and the best facilities and activities that you could have in brazil , for example , it provides different kinds of guided around unpredictable .
 conversely , it is far away from the city and it has difficult transport facilities .
 in spite of the disadvantages , i would strongly recommended to 0 and public to visit the new buildings buildings . and have a great experience related about history and at the same time travellinging around .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i am afraid to hear that mr. brown is ill i hope it wo n't be grave .
 however , i will be glad to give you as much information as you need and i hope you will find it helpful .
 the name of the hotel in which the group is going to stay in is saul , to get there you must go to the centre of town , all buses is going there , once you are in the centre of the speakers centre is right in front of the information .
 for the end - of - year party we have booked one of the halls of the hotel and they will provide us life a life music and cat .
 due the hotel is such a special place i would suggest to dress up on night clothes .
 finally , to fill your free afternoon i would hardly recommend to visit the ticket and have a walk around the old part of the city , if you like it will be my pleasure to show you the audience .
 yours sincerely ,
 amazingly are not only part of the ticket east , they are also objects of decoration and you can even find some in museums as art gallery .
 who could have invented such a useful item ?
 in fact , nobody got this clue , but it must have been the most clever person on earth !
 the world is packed with so many disadvantages of chairs , from the ordinary ones to the most disastrous and comfort explaining , finding others finding finding finding finding finding a permanent range of prices .
 from my point of view the chair is without doubt the fact will be invented ever invented .
 some people use them in their work , others are stricter to get one by the end of the day and for some other people a while a chair of the cheque of heat .
 although is worth say that no everybody can choose his ideal chair there is a special one for each of us .
 dear mrs smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i am glad to help you with the organisation of the normal .
 i phoned the tourist information last week and i got some information about the accommodation of the students .
 i think we should book at the lighting hotel .
 it is an exhausting building in the city centre .
 the hotel is in a good position , 00 minutes from the conferencing and i think the best way to attain it is on foot .
 i am sure the students will enjoy walking in the streets of the town .
 the middle starts at 0 o'clock in the afternoon and finishes at 0 pm .
 i think they should wear smart dress , because there will be lots of interesting people and important meeting .
 in conclusion , for the last day , i thought it will be very interesting for the students to visit the town and appreciate its monuments and art .
 on the other hand , if you prefer to have a relaxing day , you could have a shower - player in the wonderful park .
 i hope my suggestion and idea will help you organise the meeting .
 i look forward to receiving your reply .
 yours ,
 report :
 to : mr
 from :
 date : 00st june 0000
 introduction :
 as requested , the aim of this report is to assess the suit for a group of american students for the visit at the camp museum .
 general information :
 the museum is situated in the centre of peace , medicine , the ticket village on the fifteenth dome .
 surely guess , it is about 00 km from peace and it can be reached by well - organised means of transport .
 :
 the terrible museum is one of the most attractive building in my town .
 it contains lots of reached plains and some peace about the ticket piece of pictures .
 the entrance is  0 student .
 positive aspects
 0 . the museum is well organised for tourists .
 there are some shops , caf and elegant .
 also there are some free hand , which explain that the history of the museum .
 0 .
 after their visit into the museum , they could enjoy the superb view of the sea and the ticket , and they could have a profesional - on the beach .
 negative aspects
 0 .
 the negative aspect of the museum is that is quite expensive for students .
 conclusion :
 although the entrance fee is quite expensive for a group of students , i strongly recommend it for their excursion and their interests .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i am writing to give you some information asked in your letter , which i received this morning .
 your group has been booked in portugal , which is one of the most comfortable hotels in london .
 personally , i am glad that you will have this opportunity to use its various facilities .
 it is based in the city centre and is about half an hour by underground from the court .
 in my opinion the easiest way to get there from the brings would be by taking the lighting line .
 however , you will take bus earlier , if you would like to have a look at the city centre and you have some free time also .
 regarding the end - of - year parties , i would suggest to wear some dress for a woman and an elegant suit suit suit for a man , though it is no formal do .
 the party will finish quite late so we decided to provide a bus which will take you to the hotel .
 scientists , during the three hour time in the afternoon nobody is able to visit all of interesting places of london .
 however , you would have a long walk along the river to take some essential photos .
 i look forward to receiving you .
 yours sincerely
 are you always happy when your telephone ring ?
 as far as i am concerned the telephone was invented in the 00th century .
 it has been affecting our lives very quickly , although there were some different ways of communication as tv , for instance .
 since the internet was introduced , many of us would n't have imagined the lives without this .
 we were able to have our own telephone kept in our pocket in our pocket some time .
 however , are you always happy when your personal phone rang .
 on the other hand i wonder whether you have experienced some situations when you wo n't have your mobile switched on .
 this invention has affected my life completely .
 since i have been travelling around the world i would have imagined in tough with my family or friends without the internet or my mobile phone .
 in spite of having the opportunity of keeping contact with friends at the time we are far away from home , we should have been knowledge how to use it without others .
 dear maria :
 thank you for your letter .
 i will be pleasure to help you .
 the following is some information about the international student participate .
 the party will take place in portugal hotel .
 the hotel is very close town hall .
 from park , just go straight .
 you can see the sign of hotel .
 this is a international student party , so i suggest you wear looks on clothes .
 it looks nice and have good meaning .
 you can notice every students what they could make some decorating food to the party .
 after meal , you can play some games and prepare some gift to the winner .
 at the end of sunday you can dance and singing together .
 there is my suggestion about this party .
 if you still have some problem , you can call me .
 love from ,
 report building of university
 i heard that a group of america students just arrived in our town .
 i want to introduce an interesting building for them to visit .
 it is main building of university at park .
 there is a academic building .
 it reminds 's a library .
 suit , academic rooms a gym club and a rest - day .
 there is a very big effect .
 you can find any information from it what you want .
 at the rest of time , you can go to it suit use the internet .
 if you feel hungry , you do n't need gone out .
 just at the same building , you could find a restaurant apparently .
 i recommended this controversial to visit .
 because american students will know british students is how to study and different life .
 they can also talk with british students to describe our studies .
 i think it will be interesting for american students .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing with reference on your letter concerning an organization of an international student 's international arts college .
 below i am a cheque some information you asked for about .
 first of all , i would like to give you more information about name and location of the hotel .
 the group has been booked into " maria " hotel " hotel which is situated on the centre of wine called village .
 this hotel is the next building after art college , so it will be easy for your group to find the place .
 secondly , the end - of - 's parties , it is planned to be in common - nice piece of england nature .
 so , it may be a good idea to take some very comfortable and dry clothes .
 thirdly , talking about your free afternoon before leaving the area , i would suggest you to visit the service of tennis .
 where is quite good down their , giving interesting information about the history of an passion tournaments .
 i look forward to meeting your group in our development .
 yours sincerely ,
 report .
 introduction :
 the purpose of this report is to give a briefert waste of the academy of art in st . anne st .
 from my point of view this building is the best option to visit .
 location :
 this building is situated on the magnificent of visiting river river with an excellent basis on the price of the ticket museum .
 history :
 the building was built by a very peaceful , russian paper and is a peasant example of russian classical century 's headmaster 's century of the tv century .
 facilities :
 in the academy of art you can find the old - the art latest scenery with a wide range of books , the museum of art galleries with a huge of painting , and hundreds of putting from early to a gorgeous - five centuries .
 it is also a good chance to be introduced with russian system of art education .
 conclusion :
 the building of academy in art , and depressed . depressed is worth visiting and interesting as guitars as poor aspects .
 dear mrs smith :
 i have received your letter which informs me you are now in charge of the group of students attending the international knowledge .
 it is my pleasure to help you with the information you need .
 your group has been booked into the age hotel , located , located on high street , opposite to the post office .
 the development will be held in the royal hall , and the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus .
 take the 00 minutes and it will take you just in front of the future hall .
 the end - of - year will be held in the public restaurant , just by the royal hall .
 you should wear casual clothes .
 about what you can do in the area for the free time you have , i suggest you to visit the modern art museum , which has now a new exhibition .
 another suggestion could be to visit the zoo , or just walk through the centuries which are beautiful in this time of the year .
 i hope all this information is helpful for you .
 yours sincerely ,
 the telephone : a great invention .
 imagine your life without a telephone .
 yes , i know , it is just hard to imagine our lives without this invention .
 think about the people living in the time it was invented .
 must have been such a exciting thing being able to talk to someone living thousands of the ticket for peace and now for us is just as simple as a number and talk to the storm we want to .
 of course is nice to have a phone conversation with friends or family , but the telephone is also very important for business and behaviour .
 for example , i work for a bank , and we need to have a weekly with our director living living kilometres away far , and he does n't have to come here , we just have a phone where everybody can talks , and that is it !
 what about emergencies ?
 a phone call in time for an ambulance can save life of many people having a heart attack .
 we sometimes do n't realize the importance of some inventions we use in our everyday life .
 but think .... , what would we do without them !
 dear mrs maria .
 i am one of all students and i am going to give you some information , all you need .
 we have been booked the hotel for you and the name of hotel is " bon hotel " quite near shopping centre .
 it is not far a ever , you just go along the park road of ten minutes .
 then you will arrive at the news on the left hand of you .
 about the end - of - stories party .
 we are going to have dinner before the end and at the end we are going to bring you to the hotel , you need to wear a night - dress or suit and suit - supplyer .
 finally , on the last day you have three hours before you catch the plane so we suggestion , you can go shopping centre and buy something for your special person or go to calm because this innovations is the biggest world in now it is up to you .
 yours sincerely
 to group leader
 i am the student leader . we are great thankful that your group has just arrived so i am going to give information about an interesting building to visit .
 we recommend you go to a holiday .
 first of all , about building is the news building of england .
 on the ground floor , they have a video everywhere around the building and police walk around the building as well .
 up to the first floor , they have a huge radio room , for sending and the information all over the world because they have a small building all over the world either ;
 for example , thailand , united of america , america , communications , and canada .
 and the second floor is the news room where they get on - air to show on the tv . that is not finished , i just give you some information but they have more interesting thing you do not know .
 i recommend you this building because this building is the main london and this building is the second beautiful building in london so that why i recommend you this building .
 from leader student .
 dear mrs smith ,
 thank you very much for your letter .
 i would be very pleased if i can help you answer your questions .
 the hotel which your students ' group has been booked into is the rain hotel .
 it is easier to get there from the development .
 i would suggest you walk along along new street , which is the next one next to river , and in 00 minutes , you will see the hotel in your right hand .
 the hotel is just opposite to the city hospital .
 as you already possibly know , the end of - exchange party will take place at the main reception room at the same hotel .
 you should be there by 0 o'clock in the evening .
 answer your question question , you should be fine wearing casual clothes .
 however , if you wish to dress , there is no problem at all .
 with reference to the last afternoon , if i were you i would visit the city .
 there are many interesting work of art by famous painters of this country .
 if you have any time left you ought to go to the high street , where you could go shopping .
 please , do not hesitate to contact me in the above address if you need any further information .
 i look forward to meeting you at the courts .
 yours sincerely ,
 inventions have affected all our lives !
 the invention without no doubt , that has affected my own life by far is the car .
 cars have definitely changed all our lives , and i am not fun only in a positive way , but in a negative way as well .
 picture this : a big city such as london or new york with no cars on their streets .
 could you imagine it ?
 to be honest , i ca n't .
 cars are part of our daily lives .
 traffic makes people , sometimes really upset and embarrassed .
 but , anyway , people use cars .
 if we do n't use them we suffer from them .
 in my case i use public transport during the week to go to work but i could hardly imagine my weekends without my car car .
 i really need it to escape from pollution , mainly caused by cars and any other fashionable - renewable - renewabletery cure .
 is n't that any patience ?
 to go to the countryside and being able to breathe breathe breathe , non - polluted air , i use my car , which , as far as i am concerned did not help to a comparison air at all .
 therefore i am thinking in selling my car , which has changed my life over the last 00 years , which has given me a kind of freedom , which has gone with me to all sorts of places , and changed my life for a new life : nuclear car nuclear car .
 dear mrs smith .
 i have just received your letter .
 it was very sorry to throw brown .
 i have given a lot of the international student .
 firstly , the consequences will take place in the classrooms hotel and we get from our college to there by bus .
 film 00 bus runs to there every 0 minutes .
 it takes 00 minutes that it is convenient to us .
 secondly , there are some programme that are very great .
 first time , the 's head make a short speech and then we have dinner dinner and drinks .
 finally we enjoy a disco party so you wear a unforgettable dress .
 on the last day i go to your house and then we think about our 's jealous .
 i hope it will be a successful consequences .
 see you soon .
 yours sincerely
 alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
 alice and jane came back her home .
 alice is jane 's boyfriend .
 in the morning they had met and then they went to beach .
 it was nice weather and beautiful time .
 in the evening they were going to the disco that was jane 's friend 's birthday party .
 jane suddenly thought about her house key that left inside her house and alice could see her house and he found the bathroom was suspension .
 so he innocently on the face up to the window and he opened the door but came there " what happened ? "
 jane expelled that situations and they under him .
 so they could go to the disco party .
 it was a very wonderful party and they have never forget that day .
 it was a very special day .
 dear mrs maria smith :
 i am writing to give you the information that you asked me for .
 the group has been booked into the administration hotel .
 this hotel is very good taste .
 from there you can get a taxi , catch the buses seven and , which both have you very close to the conferencing place , and also you can go by underground there .
 the topical starts at 0:00 pm and it finishes at 0:00 .
 then , after the once , there will be a formal party at the group 's hotel , which starts at 0:00 pm and finishes at 00:00 am .
 this party is a formal one , so you should be casual .
 in this area you could visit the central park .
 it is very beautiful and a very good place to relax .
 another place that would be interesting to visit is the old - day of the city .
 i hope this information could be useful for you .
 yours sincerely
 kwa court
 introduction :
 i have been asked for the information on an interesting building to visit .
 i went to the last year , and i think it is a great place to visit .
 location :
 00. is local suits in court - mails .
 in addition to that , i think this town is wonderful and it has a unbelievable beauty .
 transport :
 to get to simmer , you need to take a train from train station station .
 from there the trains to collect court .
 moreover , i think by train is the best way to get there , because a train is very close to court an piece of colleagues .
 price :
 there is a great price for children , students , adults and families .
 they are between three and six pounds each .
 conclusion :
 surely walked works is a building with lots of history and interesting things to see .
 and also it would be an excellent chance for this group of american students to see it .
 to : mrs. smith
 thank you for your letter , which arrived on second .
 june .
 i am very pleased to organize this matter in our college , which will hold at the centre of the ticket at least college starting on 00th june for 0 days .
 please find information your required as follows :
 we booked the hotel for the group .
 called " los hotel " which is about 00 payment away from our college , the hotel will have a coach to pick the group up from the airport on 00th of june and then take the group to complain and return to every day .
 regarding the end - of - a lot of party .
 we have planned a barbecue at 0 pm . on our most remarkable play , which is over looking the endless countryside and elegant - day .
 at 0:00pm .
 we can move to our student hall to have a disc dance until 00:00 .
 on the last day , we have arranged a small party in the hotel , then we all set up to have a sightseeing town , for about two hours before you leave for mad .
 surely centre is the most beautiful shopping centre in south books london .
 there are many historical buildings remain remain .
 i think the students will enjoy this sightseeing .
 if any further discussion , please let me know .
 yours sincerely ,
 how wonderful " light "
 we needed light every day , not just night .
 we needed cash light in offices or schools or some places during the day .
 how is the wonderful life after invention the light .
 here we just talk about the light we invented apart from nature light .
 when i was small , we lived in country , i comforts , we used to the dissatisfaction which made a plane in the small amount of the small amount in the small bottle and made it copied the coast of the speakers to give us light the night , it was very little light , and many light , and we could n't remember it was very small because we could n't remember the small light was very small light .
 there was no light outside outside our house , no light on the road or field either .
 i was always very scared whenever or wherever . because most places .
 covered by dark , dark and dark .
 this terrible dark dark is still affecting my life now .
 i never stayed out after dark today except by my family .
 what a biggest person on the earth , who invented the light , light was .
 he created another day time after mad , people use it to do anything they want to do , we believe we ca n't live without light today , especially in the city life , we have a long time to spend the activities after going to bed to bed .
 which we definitely need light to keep on . i dare to say , without light , our life will go into a dark , dark hell .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to you to reply to your question about the list in london . thank you for your letter .
 i am very pleased to know you decided to go to the " international schools of human " which will be celebrated celebrated in the hall college lasted next 00 of june .
 i would like to inform you that the group you belong to , has been booked in july , in the centre of london , from the 00 june until the 00 of june .
 the albert hall , the building where will take part in the sentences is near green park ; so , to get it from the middle , you can take the bus number of the 00 minutes , otherwise , you can take the middle rays from south - jitsu bombs , microphones , microphones , enclosing of beans , instance station .
 it takes about 00 minutes .
 therefore , that 's the faster means of transport you can choose .
 the development will start at 0 am of june and will finish for 0 pm in the same day .
 during the day it is supposed to have a break of half and hour at 00 p.m and finally , a party for all the people who will be there .
 that will be a smart party and because of this , it will be required a well - dressed and passion .
 forms should wear an evening dress and peace - shirt a dark suit suit .
 as i can see from your letter , you will have about three hours before you catch your plane , so , i suggest suggest visiting the middle of the , where you will find several interesting pictures such as a few exercise 's cafe .
 if you need some more information or details about the phone , you can contact a shower on 0000 , * phone phone .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 introduction
 the aim of this report is give some suggestions to a group of american students who has just arrived in rome and want some information about an interesting building to visit .
 rome is a big city where they can find several moments and important buildings , for this reason i would suggest them to visit .
 0 ) " 0gh , " recommended in friday , in the centre of rome .
 that 's a small licence where there is a lot very big .
 it was built by can definitely in 0000 .
 that is the lighting which " fifth " film " film was taken place .
 0 ) for other hand , there is a wet building , that is a museum where they can find the most important sport and pictures of repair can patience and , entertainment , who stayed for a long time in a while .
 conclusion
 i would recommend them the buildings because :
 0 ) first of all , there are recommended in the centre of rome so , they can take a bus to get them and move around the city .
 0 ) secondly , they can enjoy visiting museums , and afterwards they can take something to eat or to drink in the " pipe ' and restaurants near these famous places .
 in conclusion , they could jump art , the history and the night knows one only place without spending much money .
 dear marie ,
 i am sorry to hear that our friend mr brown is ill .
 as our development is due to start next week i opened away .
 there are some information you have asked me about .
 we booked rooms for your group at the administration hotel .
 that is the best option because it is placed less than 0 minutes walk from the middle centre .
 when you live a hotel you have to turn right and you wrote the street .
 at the first traffic lights turn around and you should see a big blue building .
 that 's affecting our center .
 at the hotel , you will find printed information how to get over there .
 as you know at the end of - conferencing there is a party .
 the party is due to start at 0 p.m until 0 a.m. there is 0nd break from the end of jealous and party .
 at this time you and your group can relax yourself .
 i would like to mention that because our development is dress that is organised - breathtaking party .
 hope you will enjoy it .
 we prepared some special attraction like live dance music and hot or cold .
 about you 're the last question i can explain to visit the royal castle .
 that will give you and your guests an impression about our country and history .
 yours sincerely ,
 in our town there is so many interesting places to see that there is hard to choose one .
 in my opinion the most interesting is the castle .
 it is placed on a hill so it is very easy to recognize when it is it .
 just look up and you will see that huge building .
 actually it is a whole complex , the old and the new castle , electronic age and the most interesting under world part of its passion in it 's amazing .
 and if you climbed on the top of the main tower - the keep will you will see unforgettable view on a white licence .
 after that you can explore our great museum at the old castle .
 you will find there an amazing collection of old , the arm and , we are especially , of it , the great collection of heat .
 after that i am sure you will be happy to find a few at the new castle .
 i am sure that it should be ready for one day trip .
 for you information i can say that at this time we have five weeks 's festival and this night there will be a great deal .
 that should complete that amazing day .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing this letter in reply to your letter , which arrived yesterday .
 i do welcome you and your group , and i am willing to help you with giving the information that you asked me .
 firstly , let me explain the way from the telephone hotel , where your group will be staying , to the consequences .
 the hotel is located in the centre of seoul , therefore there many ways to get to the courts .
 the easiest way to get there is to take the underground , which takes about 00 minutes .
 the map will be given to you on the day of your arrival .
 secondly , the end - of - year will be held in the fifteenth centuries 's per room and starts at 0 o'clock in the evening .
 surely kim from my college is going to give a speech , and after that dinner will be served .
 the party is not very formal , so you can wear any kind of dress , as long as it is suitable for dinner .
 finally , i would like you to recommend the visit to a traditional japanese east , for the last day 's free time .
 it must be a very interesting visit for the students who has never experienced an hush atmosphere .
 it is just 0 minutes walk from the hotel , and in front of the hotel , an airport will be ill for you to take to the airport after finishing the 0 minutes .
 i hope you will enjoy your stay in korea , and do not hesitate to contact me for any further information .
 i look forward to seeing you soon ,
 yours sincerely ,
 .
 report on the amount of 0.00 - the ticket of hundreds .
 .
 introduction .
 this report provides the information about visiting east , thanks , which is a doctor to visit for visitors from foreign countries .
 it reminds the cleaning history and the interest of young people , and makes a final recommendation .
 .
 history .
 the hundreds came up for 000 years and lasted until the beginning of 00th century .
 neither , was the main consequences of the royal family , so you will be able to imagine its size .
 as the kings of mine to be a part of nature , the ticket had a huge garden , however , it was destroyed by the army of japan , and now there only a part of the original bar .
 there is a special scene for the last month of the last month , who was killed by the japanese army .
 .
 activity .
 the reason why this is also popular for the youngsters , who deserve to dislike the historical visit , would be the various activity .
 you can try the traditional games of korea and there are a chance to wear the traditional clothes of the cables .
 also there are performances which held daily in the front gate of the ticket .
 .
 finally ibiza .
 it is out of question not to visit visiting east , circumstances , unless you do not want to know about korean history .
 you will find many interesting points there , therefore , i urge you to visit the place , if you want to experience the tradition of korea .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing in response to your letter where you asked me to give you more information about international student and give some ideas and suggestions of what you and your students can do during your free time here .
 the group has been booked into the telephone hotel , which is located in the central area of the city , so it will not take your students too much time to get to the town where the town is supposed to be repaired .
 the easiest way to get there from your hotel is to take social 000 ( the bus stop is to the hotel ) or we can hire a shower for you but there is an extra charge for it .
 there is a party on the last day of the courts .
 special prefers will be given to the students whose reports are the best .
 less of the party is likely to be as our night club so a lot of music , dancing and fun are provided .
 please note that the distances computer switch are only sold until 00 pm .
 you can wear whatever you like for this kind of party .
 coming back to ideas and suggestions i'arena promised to give you about free afternoon before you catch your plane i can advise you to visit our or to for a wet couple of a park in a park trouble before you will go to the night party .
 yours sincerely ,
 can you see how many inventions you are surrounded with your life ?
 such a simple and cars things like a suspicious , a car , a computer , so only seem to be normal and spirit for us ( or we have got used ) as we use them every day .
 hundred years before people could n't even use an electric work not saying about a car or computer .
 they have invented improved improved our life a lot since they had appeared , but not every one it is really so .
 some people say that many of important inventions in our lives are not so good and useful as we have got used to see them .
 first of all , they say about pollution pollution which cars and other satellite - make , relax the electricity using pollution equipment and some others .
 but to my opinion if people inventions took a place in our lives they are right then .
 i think the inventions is the most important thing in many people ' lives as it makes you to be able to get in touch with anyone do n't matter wherever you are wherever i am talking about mobile which now have a majority of our choice ) .
 computers make everything faster so everything is now based on the computer systems .
 an electric forest was an important invention hundred years before ( but for that time it was like a revolution ) .
 i do n't think it will be possible to survive for us without an excursion life .
 because of development people could make all the ticket discoveries , and an petrol is undeniablely , certain hemingway of tea in our life .
 in case of all said i am more likely to think that the benefits of advantages 's alibi are much inventions all the disadvantages .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i have just read your letter and i am happy to help with giving you some further information .
 according to your first question , for the time of fame the students will be staying in the middle hotel , where the reservation has been already made .
 it is situated near to our college , about five minutes walk from the nearest station , which is south for renovation .
 as you were informed , there will be a party for all the assistants of the chinese , which will take place afterwards at the hotel restaurant .
 surely the fact that it will be entirely more sociable i believe that casual clothes are the most suitable option for this event .
 finally , answering your last question about the student 's day - out , i suggest visiting a local choir tennis and tennis tennis days as it is one of the best technological events .
 if you have any further questions , please , do not hesitate to contact me .
 i look forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 to leader : of the group of american students
 from :
 date : 00.00.0000 .
 subject : recommend a place to visit a place to visit
 introduction :
 the aim of this report is to give description and recommendation of the most interesting building in the town .
 general information :
 the place i would like to recommend is the ticket office - century - century unbelievable .
 it is situated in a heart of warsaw and surrounded by the buildings of an old town .
 there is a old market with the ticket of the delicious pair of the king , in the centre of it .
 facilities :
 .
 inside the work , there is a museum of an antique collection collection of the preparation .
 .
 there is also a gallery in the left of the organisers .
 .
 the old town is the best place for afternoon age with a great deal of restaurants , guitars and street .
 .
 there is an easy attempt to cash , satellite , emergency , emergency services , etc .
 positive points
 .
 it is easy to get there by any sort of public transport
 .
 there are numbers of hotels or youth to stay in over owners , if necessary ,
 .
 most of the example are absolutely free .
 negative points
 .
 a part of the adverts might be closed , due to the ticket office .
 .
 all the facilities are usually overcrowded during a summer holiday .
 conclusion :
 despite the few drawbacks , i would strongly recommend the royal east as the most suitable place to visit for the foreign students .
 dear mrs maria smith
 i am replying your letter for the help you 're being needed .
 i am sending you to give the information you need for the group .
 the hotel i was booked is recommended brn hotel is in the centre of london justigez from instance .
 i think it is amazing to travel for the group . you know the computerised is easy to travel from there to the rest of the city . about the hotel is , and having a good student the speakers is doing accidents and perhaps for prepare term . for the band have the band of the student we get a good student and the best student and the student to get the college you will come for the college you will come the college .
 how much i am going to make a plan for the student with all of the d related and ad .
 about the party at the end of planes we organise the same hotel whom have a nice variety .
 will be good for walking group you do n't need move to an adult place .
 we 'll have drink and food and music for the dance .
 it is not a formal party so i think it is more about what kind of any formal .
 i want to suggestions for the last day you and your group may go to green park and linton the fifteenth house and the ticket of holiday is very nice and the group would be stayed within the middle the middle get a novice wages is another grey and the new technologies will tell the new advances i will tell you , but there could never be a good opportunity for it .
 i have been hearing about the age they have in the example . it is interesting .
 i hope you found the letter of us completely performing and if you have a question let my know .
 i am looking forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely
 have inventions all our lives
 the computer was invented 00 years or modern ago and est collecting a comparison with a big job was per cent of staff and retold a fifteenth and hopefully and hopefully - along a grade and lateness mean prepared something a lake a lake - tempered .
 the greatest was used to read this ticket was too big you use to need a room for our computer .
 i remember when i had the luckiest lesson in the university and the tv took as to the computer centre and i saw this other front of my college were causing was very successful for us to teach you can work in these computer of computer .
 these days the computer is part of the own life you use it all the time some time you do or an telephone is the ticket you need like to go to the bank , the research , for shopping etc . it is a hundred life is a example and the loss item of ec life can come it can research it is the computer for everyone is the same for the computer and the computer is the computer is the computer .
 but the computer have the bad experience i liked to mean we life daily life we 's daily and easier for it .
 so i feel a result when i think about the venue experience of the virus or madona , a peasant day using a bad day switch this days with the sex or the other cabin .
 i work with children and the computer help my telephone works to .
 so i hope the computer reminds me friday about and the computer station in front work have in these preparation because some good could be some of danger very danger .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i am writing to give you some advice about an international student 's student .
 first of all , the name of hotel which we have been booked into is a flash .
 and we have two choices to get to the courts , a bus or a train .
 both of them are as convenient as getting there .
 the day before we will leave there , we have a party which takes place in our hotel .
 it is a kind of formal party , so we should be well - dressed .
 i suggest that you wear a formal dress .
 there is some finger food and drinks .
 it might be a great party for end of fame .
 end of all , in my opinion we could go a centre of the town because there is many places to have a look and going shopping .
 it 's quite a nice and a suitable place to spend for three hours .
 it could be interesting for them .
 i am looking forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 imagine our life without a telephone .
 if a telephone haven't been invented , we would n't have lived perfectly like nowadays .
 would n't you think we rely on it more than we expect ?
 a telephone is used when we need to contact with someone , and also an emergency situation and an internet .
 it has various way to use , however , nowadays it is not only used by this intention , but also keeps it keeps our company .
 even if you feel alone , you can talk and hear from your friend easily .
 then it makes you happy .
 long time ago people lived without this perfect invention .
 but how ?
 they used to keep in touch with someone with a letter .
 in spite of taking a lot of time to catch up with , it was a only way .
 so that 's why they have invented a telephone .
 now we could feel the world closer and closer understanding of a telephone .
 who would n't thank you for this great invention ?
 dear madam ,
 i received your letter and i 'm pleased to answer your questions .
 m. brown has booked rooms in the telephone hotel .
 this is a first class hotel .
 the easiest way from the hotel to the development is with the bus .
 there is a bus stop in front of your hotel .
 take the bus in the future town .
 after four stops get off the bus .
 the name of this bus stop is ' fulfil 's boyfriend ' .
 if you leave the bus , the basis is in the house opposite the road .
 you ca n't miss it .
 afterwards we will eat together in a restaurant and we will go in a disco .
 for the disco you must n't wear blue jeans .
 finally at your last day i propose to do a sightseeing tour in our town .
 it takes you two hours .
 afterwards you will have any time to buy some souvenirs from switzerland .
 if you have any more questions , write back to me .
 yours sincerely ,
 i will write about the invention of the computer .
 with the computer our work is easier and more interesting .
 before the time with computers , people had to write every time a whole letter .
 when they would correct a word , they had to write the whole letter again .
 with the computer we can write a letter , correct a word or change the name without writing the whole letter again . we could save the letter and in the three week we could send it another person .
 i work at a bank and i work all day with computers .
 if we hand n't ay one , we had to write all the patience on paper .
 if i order money for our bank with the computer i can be sure that i will arrive the day after .
 but if i had to write a letter and to send it by post , the money will arrive two or three days later .
 i have never worked without a computer , but if we did n't any we would find it true .
 mrs maria smith ,
 i 'm pleased to be able to help you for the international student .
 the hotel in which the group has been booked to is the lighting hotel , which is near the big bridge of satellite .
 to get from the hotel to the rilke , you have to take the highway of lausanne , and after nearly half an hour of driving you come out at the place , which is causing day , talking , unfortunately .
 when you come out , just go on your right , and then turn left to the ticket to the ticket office to the ticket office .
 the end - of - the whole party will take place at the same place .
 some musicians will play classical music , and there will be many different drinks and food .
 you should wear some formal clothes , but not necessary clothes .
 for three hours , you could visit the museum of the red cross , which is very interesting .
 i hope that this information will help you
 sincerely yours ,
 the portable phone , a very useful invention !
 during all the history , there were a genius who tried to make human life better , but it is in the last century that there were the most biggest inventions made .
 when the phone without a fire was invented , one was n't sure if it would be a success or not .
 but the research went on , and the portable phone is getting smaller and more useful .
 the fax phone is an important invention , because nearly everybody has one , and so one can always call somebody if there is a problem .
 moreover , some portable phones have a connection to the web , so it is easy to read newspapers if one hasn't enough money to buy it .
 personally , the portable phone has affected my own life , because when somebody is saul at home , i do n't have to rush to take the phone , being afraid that it 's too late .
 i recommend this extremely important invention who still do n't have a phone phone .
 dear maria ,
 i would be pleased to help you about all your questions and i will provide you some information which you need as much as i can .
 i would like to inform you that center sets gates east , hotel has been booked for the accommodation of the group and it will be quite easy to get everywhere from the hotel of the hotel during your stay .
 as you know that we arrange an evening party on the third day of the week , we can say that a kind of relaxation time .
 nothing will be a passion .
 place is college garden .
 time is 0 pm .
 there is no need to gossip about the previous minute .
 everybody can put on something casual .
 before putting from england i suggest you visiting the desired and small inventions around . you could find the opportunity to see the country of the country life .
 yours sincerely ,
 time job
 i have to admit that the invented cars and transportation , made the most gard invention of the word .
 i say that it must be the most important thing for us because they save our time passing so fast .
 can you deny how quickly we get somewhere by car or by bus .
 maybe 00 times as quickly as getting somewhere on foot .
 try to imagine your life without having any explanation them .
 would n't be un and painful painful .
 amazingly it would be just like mine .
 because i live in a special area far from any village , town , or city centre .
 the nearest takes me 0 hour on foot .
 i have no car , no local bus service to use .
 even comeing to sten , like a international trip to me .
 and of portable this stops me every time to live researcher life .
 but also i 'm aware of that the time for me . i must do whatever i want to be before it is too late .
 and i have to confess the invention of the car was the most useful invention for the humanity .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i was delighted to receive your letter and to know that a group of students from your college have decided to take part in our international student .
 as you need more information , i answer all your questions with the queue .
 firstly , the hotel has been booked for your group .
 it is one of the most comfortable hotels in our sense and a only half from main building of our college , so it is very simple to get from there to impress the postal of the police .
 secondly , our end - of - 's party is included dinner and dancing , i would advise you to wear something not very formal .
 finally , you can spend an afternoon on the last day visiting local places ( historical ( the list , in the 0- century century century 's century , as well as a beautiful century 's garden ,
 i am looking forward to the meeting you with you and work during september .
 yours sincerely
 there are many different people 's inventions around us .
 we are so used to them , sometimes think they existed always .
 some of them are very practical , others are rather strange .
 i think that one of the most important and affecting our life is the telephone .
 imagine life without phone .
 you are on the road , you have car accident .
 what are you going to do without phone ?
 on another situation , your son is ill , he needs help help work .
 i am sure , the phone has saved a lot of life .
 besides , it is always very nice to ring your ring or mum , only for shocked in any time .
 thanks the phone , it is possible even your country is on the other end of the earth .
 to be honest , next great invention of people , computer , ca n't work , if you haven't got the phone .
 so i am very grateful to man , who invented it , because of the innovations , i have forgotten his name .
 it always happens with people , do n't ?
 try to ask who invented the will or the book .
 regarding h - equipped , tuesday 00th june .
 dear mrs smith ,
 it is with great regret that i hear of mr brown 's illness , and hope to see him into an excellent health .
 nevertheless , i am both pleased and laughing to expect you and your group in the context of our international enthusiasm .
 we have made arrangements for you to stay in the hotel .
 furthermore , since it is located between the airport and our location , a bus centuries has been organised to pick all our guests from the hotel to the room .
 the end - of - year is to be held in the ' proof room ' of the hotel , which has an an fifteenth reputation for its quality and entertainment .
 therefore , all guests will not wear the sci clothes in order to be accepted .
 as for the three hours of free time , i strongly suggest you check - in your ticket at the airport and then , after a five minutes , otherwise , otherwise , spending your time in the marvellous old city ' abilities ' time .
 best regards ,
 my fair phone .
 the technological revolution taking place today can be directly to the amazing evolution of our communication abilities abilities finish them last few years .
 the japanese invention of this aspect in our ordinary life is , of course , the mobile phone .
 it is clear and that the use of this invention has become a necessary related in some professional activities .
 fell , politicians and a few examples are but a few examples of such needs .
 however , the common man seems to ignore how important and useful a mobile phone becomes , when in the hands of high high - school student .
 it becomes then a real obsession for the average students , as e uses it before the lessons , during lessons , during lunch and especially , during the examinations ...
 nevertheless , it is also a common mistake to believe that the fifteenth purpose of such andez is to arrange during the class during its major role is actually to allow the student and the parents to discuss during everyday 's courses .
 bottom is that any teacher complain about this situation should not the student 's phone , but his parents ' !
 dear mrs. smith ,
 i have just received the letter from you and i 'm writing to you as soon as possible .
 i can promise to you that i 'll do my best to help you .
 you told me that you are the leader of a group of students this year , because mr. brown is ill .
 poor mr. brown , i hope he will get better soon .
 as i 've just checked the group has been booked into the telephone hotel .
 the best way to get from there to the development is by co , that i have arranged arranged for you .
 the drive mr. works for us since us .
 he will pick you up at 00.00 a.m. the reason is from 00 to 0 p.m. at the end of is a party from 0 to 0 o0 to 0 too .
 i suggest you have to wear comfortable and nice clothes because i have planned a holiday for you before your plane at 0 p.m. i 'd like to show you a museum , a gallery and the gardens that are delivered to the reception .
 then we can have a rest in the cables and talk before your plane home .
 i think i have given you all the information .
 i hope to see you all soon ,
 yours sincerely ,
 nowadays , keeps is one of the most important inventions .
 as you look am although everybody has a car or entertainment .
 no matter that people started scientists more about pollution more about the world .
 let me tell you , how invention of education has affected my life .
 i love a shower and i do n't think i could live without them .
 i have had a shower since i was 00 years old .
 me and my brother we used to go to the rock concerts .
 we had met a lot of people there same mad about the age as we were .
 we were hundreds and trips .
 we were driving a few day being separated we finally had got to receive a shower .
 i really enjoy driving 00.0 .
 people say that is dangerous , i do n't think it is a lot .
 when i drive is only me and my telephone peace .
 before me and after are my friends that i like and trust .
 and around me nature that i can watch and enjoy while we shop newspaper .
 we can go to the place we like , avoid and avoid the full buses , trains , etc .
 i am really grateful for people who invented the first project in the world .
 i feel very bad about that i do n't know who was it .
 on the other hand no matter that i feel very good about that because the invention has changed and my life end people i care about , has affected my life in a very best way .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you very much for your letter .
 as you asked me in the letter , i am very happy to help you with finding the details of the courts .
 the hotel that your group will be staying at is recommended .
 it is reasonably near to college , so it may be very good to walk from the hotel along river - yellow break up on the sunny days .
 if it rains , you can take bus 00 that stops in front of the college .
 the end - of - developed party is designed to give rough ideas about many different cultures .
 so you will enjoy traditional food , music , dance , dance and games from all over the world .
 as a part of this , the leader of each group has to wear a thief in her country .
 other members of groups can wear a normal formal dress dress .
 on the last day , i recommend that you will visit the place that is located at the centre of our city .
 it is about 0000 years old , so i am sure that you will find it fascinating to see it .
 yours sincerely ,
 can you imagine your life without any computers at all ?
 well , i am sure that you can hardly do this unless you are living deep in a forest or in a dessert !
 if you think about how many computers we use every day and how dependent we are on them , it must be clear that invention of computers has certainly had a significant conducted on our lives .
 for example , all the newspapers such as madam and energy are ran using computers uses them to organise all sorts of things in a country , and all of services and thousands of different illnesses such as horse and use them as essential years .
 in other words , almost all aspects of our lives today rely on computers .
 so i am sure from this that it is professional enough to say that invention of computers is really important .
 from my personal experience , i can also say that a personal computer is also an amazing tool .
 it reminds of my homework , which is often to write , and also it allows me to access the internet .
 since i live abroad , the internet is really useful for me to have a contact with my best friend and to know what is going on in my home country .
 to sum up , i can say that the greatest story is the invention of computers , that has affected both education and a society as a whole .
 dear mrs. smith ,
 i am writing in reply to your enquiry about this year international year .
 the phone will be held on the ticket street on old street .
 there will be a keyboard to follow from the central station .
 the phone is unfair on 00st june 0000 from 00.00 - 00.00 .
 light will surely be provided .
 after the consequences , there will be a relaxing party .
 there is no dressed - code for the party .
 however , i suggest you could wear the same outfit as you wear for the conferencing .
 i have included the local map , there are some ideas at the back of the map .
 please let me know if you would like to book one of the city - walk , we have prepared essential discounts for the attendance attendance attendance .
 personally i recommend the dick 's tour because it is a good length of walking and very historical .
 i hope that i have covered all the information you will need and look forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 p.s. please find the map .
 there are several interesting buildings in the city of london .
 i believe drop street is at the top list .
 the building itself looks grandfather and elegant .
 despite the fact that this building has served half - a million televisions in a day , it always clean and functional .
 there are two parts of build street station that make it so interesting building .
 the partial section is fairly modern styles with the ticket and touched - screen ticket machine .
 it is also very well linked into the old station which is such a contrast in the underground .
 the old bit is rather unique and charming .
 you could really imagine how it looked like in the old day .
 there is another surprising in this building .
 at the far back of the station is also connected to a vending - equipped park .
 it is a good example of a great architecture that was designed to provide part to the public .
 finally , it is in the heart of city and everyone would be able to find without doubt .
 00 june 0000
 dear mrs smith
 thank you for your letter dated 0 june 0000 .
 i hope i can give you the information you need .
 so the boss will be a great experience to you and your group .
 your group will stay at the lighting hotel .
 the example hotel is situated in the town centre next to the microphones station .
 a free cheese - bus and sometimes you to the courts - center .
 the bus came at 0 a.m. at the entrance entrance entrance of the hotel .
 the end - of - year is playing in a rent and in the cables forest .
 there will be a disadvantage , a place to dance and many more .
 it is a surprise !
 i suggest wear leisure - clothes to the party .
 the last afternoon you could go on a city - tour , the museum of acquiring arts or enjoy the beautiful flower garden next to the common park .
 i hope i could give you some ideas . i look forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 what would life be without the phone ?
 have you ever thought about a world without phone ?
 how was it in the 00 century with no opportunity to communicate by phone and how it would now be now ?
 i can not imagine how our life would be .
 we are living in a busy world .
 in the business world you use the phone all the time to speak to your clients , to make a shower , to order to order an article instance , ok ; then , time is money !
 how has the phone affected my own life ? i think that is a good question to think about . i could not call my friends from another city and just say " hello " .
 it would be difficult and take more time to make an appointment .
 so , what did the phone - revolution for us ?
 it saves time .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i 'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me for help .
 i hope i will be able to give you the information you need for the group of students who are coming to the court .
 firstly , the hotel is waiting for you and your students .
 the best way to get from there to the college where the chinese will take place is simply to walk .
 actually , the college is situated for the future away from the hotel .
 as you know , the basis will be followed by a party .
 it will begin at 0 p.m and last until late in the evening .
 you do n't need to worry about what you should wear to this event .
 in fact , the purpose of the end - of profit party is to relax after a busy day , therefore you and your students can put jeans and classical shoes on .
 to conclude , we decided to organize a guided tour by coach , as you have an free afternoon before your plane takes off .
 i hope the international student will help to know each other better and that it will be a success .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear sir or madam ,
 i 'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me some information on an interesting building to visit .
 there is so many places in lausanne , but i think that the circle museum is the most disastrous for the following reasons :
 the olympics monday monday from the 00th century and is the biggest in europe .
 it shows all the different sports men have been doing since the first dance games in greece .
 you can see the evolution of sports and understand why changes is done to improve them .
 you can imagine every kind of equipment you need to do any particular sport .
 you will be informed about the story of sport in general and about the new technologies which are used now especially in high competitions .
 the museum is near the city centre and is recommended by bus or walking .
 it will takes you an afternoon to visit it and then you can enjoy a drink or a meal in the restaurant in the third floor , well - for being one of the best teenage in lausanne .
 i hope my recommendations will help you with the choice of a building to visit .
 yours faithfully ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i 'm writing in response to the letter we have received from you , in order to let you know all the information you have asked for .
 first of all , your group has been booked into the hotel , main - 00 , which is situated not far from our college .
 i 'd suggest you to walk , it will only take you about seven minutes .
 just follow the main - until to reach a east , where you turn right and then walk along - a - shirt - tempered - day .
 the college is a huge , yellow - you ca n't miss it .
 secondly , you have required information about the end - of - required party .
 it will begin at 0 o'clock p.m. and last until midnight .
 all the students will be provided with linton and we have managed to book a band as well .
 the location of the party is n't fixed yet , but we will let you know after your arrival .
 there is no need to put on special clothes for the party , casual ones should do it as well , for we want everyone wants everyone to feel comfortable .
 last but not least i will give you some ideas of where to spend your free afternoon .
 i suggest suggest you visiting our local museum , as there is a marvellous exhibition there at the moment .
 provided the weather is fine , you could also go swimming or make a tour through our beautiful town .
 ( i could book a guide for you if you 're interested ) .
 please write back or call me if there is any more information you need .
 i 'm looking forward to meeting you and wish you all the best .
 yours sincerely ,
 the telephone , a telephone .
 who you could imagine life without the telephone ?
 not being able to call your friend and ask if you can pop in a moment ?
 not being able to lie to your mother - in - law and pretend you ca n't attend her garden party because of an illness , without having to look her in the eye ?
 when surely bell , first invented the telephone , he had no idea of how popular it would be one day .
 it was in order to listen to a concert if you were not able to attend it in person .
 nowadays , however , the whole world is connected by a telephone system and no one could imagine life without it .
 take me , for example , i use it whenever there is a problem and i need some advice , or when i have to call off a meeting for any reason why .
 i can not always walk to the person and say " sorry , i must cancel our meeting " , because then it 's too late anyway , anyway , is n't it ?
 life definitely would n't be the same without the invention of the telephone .
 we use it daily in order to get information or to pass it on .
 just try to spend one week without using a telephone at all , and you will see that it is impossible to do so .
 so do n't take the telephone for granted , but keep in mind that our modern way of life is mainly due to its invention .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i would like to thank you for your letter .
 i am sorry to learn that cultural brown can not attend the conferencing .
 please phoned him my best wishes for his patience .
 we have booked rooms for all members of your group at the telephone hotel .
 it is a very appealing that is on the same scene as the chinese building , and normally one mile away .
 there is a hurry brown between the two east : this is bus ; the bus station ; the bus station for the development building is called " isolation " and the one at the middle centuries hotel is named " main station " .
 concerning the party , we do not have a casual dressing .
 students usually wear dark clothes with a peaceful for the boys and a teenager - long skirt or dress for the girls .
 there are a lot of activities you can do during your free afternoon .
 i would like to suggest visiting the " friday museum , which is kind of unique in the world .
 looking forward to meeting you soon
 i remain yours sincerely .
 the car :
 i think that the car is one of the human inventions that has the most affected the way of life from people from industrial countries .
 nowadays more than the newspapers of the world industry is related to the east cars : cars , thanks , and hundreds , hoover and newspapers , and so on .
 the industrial machines have deepona from their peace since the car has been available to everyone .
 at the beginning of the last century only a few very rich people could afford a car ; it was kind of leisure or sport to drive one .
 today almost everyone 's car and needs it for daily activities .
 the transport network has changed according to this social evolution .
 the increasing number of cars and newspapers are now now synthetic problems .
 a lot of roads and cars are , and environment are more and more related to the use cars and more related to the fifteenth of cars .
 people and governments are concerned about how to limit the effects of cars on the environment without their consequences .
 this will be a tough challenge for this new century .
 dear mrs smith :
 my name is delightful , i am helping to organise the knowledge in the college .
 i received your letter the other day and i am writing to answer your questions .
 the group has been booked into the hotel , which is not very far from the place where the phone will be held .
 you can take the no ideas from the hotel to the chinese , it only takes ten minutes .
 as for the end - of - 's parties , it will be on the morning of the last day starting start at 0:00 .
 all the students and staff will join together in the hall .
 they can play games and talk about personal experience .
 the main aim of it is to discover the friendships among all these pupils coming from all over the world .
 so it would be fine if you wear casual clothes and look smart .
 i have made arrangement for the afternoon on the last day for you .
 if you are free i will show you for our college .
 you can visit our - built science developments as well .
 i 'm sure you will surely a lot of knowledge there .
 i 'm looking forward to meeting you .
 best wishes .
 best choice
 welcome to london .
 you asked me for an interesting building to visit .
 in my opinion , i 'll recommend for the british museum .
 one of the reasons is you can learn almost everything about british history there .
 the museum looks very old as some other buildings in london , but it is very modern inside .
 after going through the enormous door , you can see a huge white building , which is a library .
 a lot of famous people have been to this library before !
 the british hall is on the first floor , not far from the library .
 it shows a large number of valuable things .
 almost each one tells you a story or gives you a picture about british history .
 i 'm sure all the students will gain a wonderful lesson !
 apart from the history history , there are more content about the past of the world .
 you can go to many sections such as the plane hall , a vending hall , and so on .
 countless fascinating things will definitely take you the whole day to appreciate .
 after a visit to british museum , you will certainly be able to put your history - five away !
 also you do n't have to pay any money for it , and the transport is extremely convenient , therefore british is your best choice . do n't be more comfortably !
 dear mrs smith .
 i am writing to you to give you the information about the basis .
 the hotel your group has been booked into is called - hotel .
 it is simple to find the way from this hotel to the africa .
 you only need to cross the street in front of your hotel .
 there you will find a modern building with two different doors a red and a blue one .
 you are asked to take the blue door .
 after coming you will see the coach room .
 we organized a end - of - 's party on the day before your departure .
 everyone is welcome to attend this party to get to know each other in a good atmosphere .
 you should wear nice and comfortable clothing .
 this is an exhausting party .
 i suggest you visiting the old part of cheques or going to the zoo before your departure .
 i am looking forward to meeting you at the courts .
 if there is any question left , please contact me .
 yours sincerely ,
 the most important invention
 i loveing , plains and switch .
 fell is passion and in the town i live i 'm known for making the best cakes in the area .
 it does n't matter what kind of mood i am , i can do it all the time and it makes me feel good .
 but i could n't possibly without an oven oven .
 i 'm so grateful for this invention which allows me to live my passion .
 i think the oven is one of the most important inventions .
 if there is someone who does n't agree with me , he or she should try to live one month without using the oven .
 besides that he or she should look carefully into what he or she carried .
 i 'm positive that after such an experience everyone says that the microwave is a really important invention for our lives .
 i 'm thanking the person who invented the oven oven .
 thank you !
 dear mrs. smith ,
 i am writing in reply to your letter .
 i am sorry about the biggest brown .
 and i understand that you need help , so that i will help you as far as i can .
 firstly , the hotel which i was booked for you is a hotel that is located close to the beginners .
 in order to get from the hotel to the development , you just need to take the bus we will offer .
 secondly , the end - of - called party will take place in the same hall as the basis at 0 p.m. , which includes dinner and an announcement by the unpredictable of the players .
 the party is arranged as a casual party , therefore , you can wear comfortable clothes . you can expect to meet many students from other schools as well .
 finally , if you want to have an exciting experience in here , i strongly suggest that you go to the musicals .
 as you may hear , our city is well known for the musicals .
 or , if you want to relax , you can take a walk in the park in ten minutes on a distance from the hotel .
 whatever you choose , you will be satisfied with your choice .
 if you have more questions about the planes and something else , do not hesitate to ask me . i would be glad to be able to help you .
 yours sincerely ,
 some inventions are not professional as great things even though life without them can not be imagined .
 people do not have the impression on important inventions any more , because they have been getting more popular and common .
 however , there is something which is still believed that it was an unpleasantinging invention .
 this is electricity invented by patience .
 from my point of view , the reason why electricity is such an important invention is that most of machines , and the field which are used in modern times can be clear with only electricity , which makes people not too much opportunities .
 what is more , many inventions have been recommended by electricity .
 in my life , i use electricity in many different ways .
 at night , i can study because of it . and also it saves my saves time which would be used up for doing housework such as warm , cleaning and ironing .
 it makes my life more convenient than it without it .
 to sum up , although people do not feel that electricity is a great invention , the fact that electricity is one of the most important inventions in the world will not be changed .
 00th june 0000
 dar mrs. maria smith ,
 i am very glad to help you about the international student 's student .
 i hope that our grandparents produce brown does n't have any serious will miss .
 fell , where is the phone .
 this will be in the lighting and we do n't need to worry for the best way because in all the main band in the middle have given with the correct way to the popular hotel .
 after finish the states , there is a party in the same hotel .
 at this party there are ; some food , soft drinks , music , music , and a special place for dancing .
 this party is for the students so the kinds of teenage , wo n't be so formal .
 on the day free before catch our plane .
 we could continue two options for spending our free time .
 one is a guide on the city , and another is visiting the chocolate factory .
 please , if you have any more question , please call me at the accommodation .
 yours sincerely ,
 i can live without this .
 it 's true .
 in our lives , maybe , could n't be without electricity .
 some people can live without this , but i am sure that the world would be very different .
 when we are using different equipment in our houses , we are using the electricity .
 small things but very smart in our lives .
 for example : t.v. , computer , just light and a long list that now i can not write .
 i do n't like t , my house of my life , without all this facilities .
 in winter , when it is dark very early , and after , i need to spend my free time in home .
 what can i do without my music and my computer .
 now , just you need to think that you would do or what would happen in a city , with a car , kitchen , televisions , trees , all these things without lights .
 finally . i think that everybody knows that the electricity is very important invent and for me it is the best .
 dear mrs smith ,
 thanks for your last letter and i am sorry sorry for not give you enough information .
 we have already booked a 0 stars hotel - classrooms hotel , which is near the river , in the - on - on - price .
 it is not far away from the station so we will go there by train .
 the end - of - year will be held in an india restaurant , which is next to the hotel .
 it is causing to be held during 0 pm to 00 pm .
 also there are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and discos is also provided .
 you can wear anything you like , we would like you to be just yourself and have fun .
 as you know , our area is quite famous and lots of people come and visit it every year .
 there are so many things to do , unfortunately , there , there is just 0 hours .
 i recommend the high street in the centre of our area because it is quite good for shopping .
 so you can buy gifts for your friends or families .
 i hope i have given you enough information and if you still have some doubts , please do not your education to contact us .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 nowadays , our lives is becoming better and better .
 lots of great inventions has been invented in order to make people live comfort .
 if you ask me which is the greatest invention of all , i will say that it is the television .
 " televisions is just an amazing invention . " my good friend said that i agree with her .
 firstly , televisions makes us know more about the world without travel it all .
 if there are no televisions , we wo n't know what are the other countries like , or even what language they speak to either we go to that country .
 secondly , for some points , it can be a young children .
 many tv communicate are especially made for children , such as " learn me " and " be good to others " .
 actually , they are quite good contact and helped me know what i should do generally or how to revise to lie when i was still a child .
 the last but not least , it is a good kind of entertainment .
 maybe you will think that playing basketball , going to the owner and discos are much better that staying at home sitting in front of an object .
 however , televisions can bring you the fun that other activities ca n't .
 if sometimes i do n't want to go out and i do n't want to be lonely , that 's easy , just turn on the television and enjoy myself .
 however , everything has its advantages and disadvantages .
 personally , i do think televisions is the most important invention .
 dear mrs. maria smith .
 i got your letter this morning and i am very pleased to give you some information .
 as i know , he booked the lighting hotel in portugal .
 when you go to the conferencing , you can take a bus or a taxi .
 but if you have enough time , i would like to recommend to walk .
 because there are a lot of beautiful trees and you can see the sea .
 and also it takes just fifteen minutes .
 i think everybody can enjoy it .
 by the way the end of - of the whole party is a kind of fair party .
 there will be three parts .
 the first part , the telephone and a few seconds will have a speech and the second part , the fifteenth will surely , and the last part it will provide dinner and drinks , will provide dinner .
 it will be not too formal party .
 so you can wear what you like .
 moreover , i would like to recommend ' city tour ' for three hours .
 everybody likes themselves .
 it is  00 each and there is a discount for groups .
 i hope it will be a good tip for you and if you have any problem , you can contact with me any time .
 and have a nice time in my town and send my regard to oxygen .
 yours sincerely ,
 nowadays there are a lot of inventions around the world , and they make us more comfortable and convenient .
 moreover we can not live without them .
 for example : electricity , computer , tele , fell , boat , cars ( a puncture ) , etc .
 none of them are unimportant for us .
 but i think the invention of electricity is the most important thing among them .
 if you look at home , there are a lot of electrical things .
 electricity could be able to invent other things .
 it also gave us more free time , especially for women .
 it has absolutely women 's house our house working time .
 even furthermore we can enjoy our night with lights .
 if we want doing something , we can do it at night same as day .
 finally the quality of our life is changed by electricity .
 it could reduce our working time and make us enjoyable .
 it is also more and more .
 it will give us better future !
 have you ever imagined that you would drive a electric car !
 00 june , 0000
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter about the international student participate .
 here are answers for your questions .
 you will stay in the lighting , which is situated in front of the station , entertainment .
 to get the story , you catch the coach no author from the station and getting off at the middle college bus stop stop .
 it takes 0 minutes from the station .
 when you get here , just turn to the left and you will find the stadium where the phone will be held .
 the end - of - year will be held at the cafeteria in the college , which is next to the stadium .
 it starts at 00 p.m. and ends at 00 pm .
 we will prepare traditional english meals and some students from foreign country will prepare their hat foods .
 there is a museum next to the ticket station , which has good collections of paintings and , and it would be a good place for you to spend your free time .
 instead , there are a lot of shops around there , you can buy souvenirs .
 i am looking forward to meeting you .
 yours sincerely ,
 to : student from the united states
 from :
 the aim of this report is to describe the lighting castle in a few seconds .
 place
 this castle is situated in the centre of the town and surrounded by woods .
 inside of the castle is always dark in the daytime .
 story
 it is 000 years old , and it is said to be silent by lady a flash .
 she asked music and every window in the castle .
 it is believed that she was a ticket who worked there and fell out of the window .
 people said she was searching something and still searching even if she had evolved for 000 years .
 conclusion
 the terrible story may not be true , but it has good furniture of 00th century , and the castle itself is very beautiful .
 i think it is worth while to see .
 i hope you 'll enjoy visiting there .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i have received your letter this morning .
 i am sorry to hear that the safety is ill and is unable to calm the conferencing ; i am glad that you are able to be the leader of the group .
 i hope that these information below are very useful to you , during your assistance of stock .
 i have booked a hotel not far off from our school .
 the hotel is called down lighting hotel .
 your plane will arrive in england by 0:00 .
 there will be a coach waiting for you , and the woman will be next to the information desk .
 you should arrive at the hotel by 00:00 .
 you will have than an hour to check in and unfortunately , all your luggage .
 the development will start on time at 00:00 , so i would suggest you to leave hotel by 00:00 .
 the best way to get to the development is to follow along the fifteenth student and turn into the end , you than keep going so you will see the main entrance of the heat .
 when you get into the college you can just ask any boys at the college where to go from then .
 they all knows where the boss is and when .
 at the end of the conferencing , we will have a party .
 the party is to let all the students to know each other better .
 the party will be in the dance hall next to virtually the room .
 i will surely insist them to wear formal clothing , as in june , trousers and elegant .
 for the afternoon free time on the last day .
 there are a wide variety of choices that they can do .
 they can play tennis , do a swimming , swimming ... and many other sports event in our school , if they want to .
 or they can also visit the telephone town .
 there are shops which sales clothes , food , and books ... they can decide what they want to do , it 's entirely up to them .
 i am looking forward to seeing you and hope you have a safe safe of england over to england .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear leader ,
 welcome to taiwan .
 this report is based on an interesting building , where you can take , for your students to visit .
 this building is situated , the capital .
 the building is called - peace - peace - telephone hall .
 nearly everyone knows where this building is , so if you have a chance , just ask the local people in news about this building .
 the electronic desks planes is surrounded by large courts .
 as you go into the main hall , you will see a huge variety of age - , this is because the building is remember of how well - up did in history .
 the organisers is about 00 feet .
 next to the ticket is protected by the checkout , the equipment will change every four hours .
 apart from the main hall , there are also lots of other hundreds .
 in these example , there are mainly , separated , especially furniture which works used .
 these finish are very old , even older than the history of america .
 all these treasure were brought over to discover by plane during the balloons in china .
 they are all been well look after .
 as well as all the treasure , peace and historical paintings ...
 there are also the rest of the telephone and modern entertainment .
 when you are tired after looking around you might want to buy drinks or something to eat , or if you are fed up with the historical thing , you 'll be comfortable just comfortable into modern material to see things which are more modern .
 finally , if you went to visit this building i will recommend you stay at a hotel not far from the robbers hall called a holiday 's hotel .
 it only take about five minutes if you walk .
 i hope you will all have a great time in taiwan and i hope you will enjoy the building .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i have received your letter dated on the 00th june 0000 .
 i am very happy to help you and i hope that the information that i am going to give you , will be enough .
 the international student schools will be in the lighting hotel in lausanne .
 the hotel is a big building in the middle of the town near the place " st - " .
 and the name of the street is " definitely - 's identification " .
 you can not miss it .
 after the consequences , we are going to stay in the lighting cake but instead to stay in the coach room , we are going to move to the reception room where a dinner will be prepared for us .
 afterwards , a live band are going to play the rest of the night .
 for the clothes , you have to wear something smart and classical music .
 if you want to stay in lausanne during your afternoon , the best thing to do is to go to the opportunity .
 there , you can enjoy the landscape and have a sunhe .
 yours sincerely ,
 student
 the aim of this report is to give further information on an interesting building to visit in lausanne .
 it is based on my own experience .
 why the olympics museum .
 the friday museum is situated near the lake and offered , for the tourists , an unbelievable view on the mountains and the lake on the lake .
 but also , the museum have a lot of gardens with several routine .
 besides , the architecture of the building is beautiful and very modern .
 first of all , the main interests of the museum is the olympics history .
 you can find a lot of patience about it and you have several personal treatment .
 in addition , you can play with several ovens and learn about the rules of the olympics games .
 reasons for mourning .
 the principal reason is the cheapest price .
 you pay only to the entrance and you can stay in all the time that you want .
 on the other hand , if you are more than 00 people , you can have a group price and pay only 0 per person .
 it seems that this solution might be the best way to visit this museum .
 conclusion .
 to sum up , the olympics museum is a very attractive places and could be a good trip with your family or your student group .
 therefore , if you want to learn something about the restaurants games , it must be the best place for this .
 dear maria ,
 i 'm so happy to help you for this international student 's licence .
 i 'm afraid for peace .
 could you please tell him my best wishes of health ?
 i 'm sure you can perfectly it to lead your group .
 at first , you should know that you are booked into the hotel that is one of the best in the town .
 the access to discover the place is very easy .
 first of all , you must walk down to the central street until you arrive at the bus stop , then you take the bus number of two that month to the college .
 after the phone , there is a great party that is organised by friends .
 it starts at twenty o'clock until the end of the night , so he was ready !
 there is no special queue for the wearing style but it should be more fun if you wear something crazy ...
 finally , i propose to go to the new college swimming pool on the last day afternoon .
 every body will go there .
 i hope you will have fun !
 yours sincerely
 hello ,
 i will give you some information on the news 's castle .
 this building is one of the oldest that appears in the landscape of the town .
 i think it 's important to see it when you go there because it shows us how the town had been developed around its development .
 those days , the castle is being patience , so there is a lot of construction around it .
 that 's not a big problem because there is a complete museum in it where you can see old pictures of the castle during the centuries .
 there is a lot of old items that were in the king 's family .
 you should have probably heard about the world who haven there for about two thousand ... you can see it in the world .
 so you can visit everywhere you want with or without a guide .
 i hope you will enjoy the visit and i wish you a nice holiday in news .
 best regards ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i will try my best to answer the questions .
 first of all , we have already booked the five - stars hotel for your group .
 it is a modern hotel , near our college , and it is also very convenient to come from the airport . you can take both by buses or entertainment .
 the window 000 bus starts from the airport , then you can get off from " city " stop .
 it would be a great chance to a peaceful part in the party for everyone .
 this is just a relaxing party , just for the members members have a chance to relax and make friends .
 so i think you 'd better wear a dress .
 finally , about the free three hours , my personal prefer to go shopping .
 our city has got the biggest shop centre in south england , there are so many shops .
 it starts on time spend time and money on that .
 i look forward to seeing you !
 yours sincerely
 nowadays people have become acquainted to watching karaoke . 's unbelievable every day .
 the tv is so important that you can see it in every family , and it is a essential equipment for everyone .
 first of all , in my opinion , tv has a great education , and also makes the world become small .
 you can just sit at home then you can know what is happening all over the world at the moment .
 i would rather watching the news on tv in the face of reading in newspaper or listen on radio because the news on tv are watching .
 moreover , the tv is a great company for the people who live alone or feel alone . i would like to open tv when i stay at home .
 someone are talking , talking , crying on there , so join them , you will feel much better than just yourself .
 some tv express are unique !
 however , tv also has some disadvantages .
 you just sitting in front of tv for hours learn nothing , or no more talk with your family .
 i think this is the bad influence in society .
 in the end , the tv has both advantages and disadvantages , microwaves , but on the whole advantages is better than disadvantages .
 so , but on the whole , tv still is a wonderful and important invention on the world .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to you to give you more information about an international student .
 the group has been booked into industrial hotel at high street , which is very easy to find .
 and the best way to get from there to the executive is following the rod of the hotel to the right , then cross the world to the opposite to the opposite .
 after that walk to the right about 00 metres and you will find the conferencing of which is called white house .
 at the end of the end , we are going to have an international dinner as well as some shows from the students in my college .
 as this is a special item so you could wear your own national dress to present your country .
 finally , on the last day you could spend your free time to visit our town hall , which you will be able to learn more about my area - or do some shopping centre at high street .
 if you want more information , please contact me and i am looking forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mr. bill ,
 i am writing to give an information on a very interesting building to visit .
 it is called pen , as the building will tell you all about patience .
 on the positive side , you and the group will be thankful to learn more about the art work which are presented on the wall , on the door and some research .
 the building itself looks catherine and beautiful .
 on the other hand , you might find something which is very boring such as walking along the old - shirt which causes some noise .
 and some old story might look peaceful .
 but in my recommendation , i think it would be nice for the students to get and see this building .
 because they will be able to learn and compare with the place in their country .
 as a scientist is not modern america , so the students will probably get the idea of looking back to the old thing .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mrs maria smith .
 i was really pleased to receive your letter .
 unfortunately brown brown is ill but i can help you as much as i can .
 so , i 'm writing to reply to give you the information you asked for .
 firstly , we 've booked hotel , which is located in the central exhibition .
 the best way to get from the hotel to the development its using because it takes only 00 minutes .
 the pipe is 0 line which is red colour .
 and your mood would be better for the end of a party .
 i suggest suggest you wear at least , formal , contrary such as a jacket with other clothes .
 finally , i give you some suggestions which could spend for about 0 hours in the national museum in my area .
 the museum can be helpful to understand our country ' history and art .
 i look forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 computers is the most important invention in our life .
 some people might say the electricity more important than another thing .
 it 's hard to say which is the most important invention .
 however , i 'd say computers is more amazing invention rather than another inventions such as the telephone , the car .
 recently computer is really necessary and we ca n't manage to work without them .
 not only is for checking , but also in my life .
 for instance , when i want to flee with my friend , it 's quite helpful by using e - mail - mail .
 before the computer had been invented , we could n't possibly have lots of information easily and we could n't contact with foreign countries in the same time .
 and also it 's time to make new system which makes us use easier and more simple , so far more people can enjoy computers more than before .
 despite amazing invention , some times makes a big problem , such as television ( some people called " 0000 problem " , because computer not like a human 's brain .
 however , the computer is worth to use in our life until more peaceful machine will be invented .
 dear mrs. smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i am very pleased to give you the information you requested .
 we are holding the party at the royal production - magazine room at 0.00 pm on sit .
 00 june .
 the nearest station is recommended .
 as you know , we 've been working very hard all this term .
 so we decided at the end of profit party , we will have a buffet and a disco party .
 our students , then will get to know each other well .
 i would suggest everybody to wear a casual dresses .
 finally , i would recommend you and your group to enjoy shopping and sightseeing around oxford street and nearby .
 i look forward to seeing you and your group soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 to : the group leader
 from :
 re : the computer centre .
 as you requested , which is the interesting building to visit . i would strongly recommend the easiest building in the city .
 it located in the city and the nearest station is julia .
 the terrible centre built in 0000 .
 apart from twelve and important offices .
 there are also the world market exchange , an opera theatre , shoppingamb , books and records stores .
 it also held an exhibition everyone round all year .
 recently , the exhibition of africa just finished .
 the opening time starts from 0.00 am till later at night when the theatre is closed .
 the building is huge with high technology and construction and a success of security .
 it makes the building every year .
 the terrible centre is a very important building in london .
 you and your group will visit one building which has so many places in this building .
 so that you can spend your time in one go .
 dear mrs maria smith
 thank you for your letter which arrived me this morning .
 of course it is a pity that mr. brown has been ill , but we are happy that you are come now .
 you asked me which hotel the group had been booked .
 it is the lighting , about a mile away where the brings will take place .
 the best way to get there , is to take the bus size 0 .
 the bus stop is opposite the entrance of the hotel .
 you will leave the bus at , , the royal " .
 turn left and go straight straight , and luckily street " at the need of this street there is the house number 00 .
 this is our college .
 you wish to know all about , the end - of - a lot party .
 as far as i can see there will be only a little dinner and a group of young singers will surprise us by their songs .
 moreover you asked what to wear . do not interfere .
 i would recommend you wearing some casual clothes , like a jeans , a doctor or a skirt and a jacket jacket .
 do n't forget to wear a pair of comfortable shoes , shoes , because you will not have a chance to change it .
 finally i give you some advice for what you could do for about the three hours .
 firstly we have a nice and interesting museum , it is located the near hotel .
 furthermore there is the zoo of a lot of different animals , located to walk within five minutes .
 lastly there is also a very old and famous church , with many coloured windows .
 for further information please call me up . i hope you will have an interesting schedule here .
 i am looking forward to seeing you
 yours sincerely
 the telephone a very important invention
 in my early childhood my mother said to me that when she had been a thief girl there was only one telephone in the house where she had lived .
 it has been in her parents ' apart .
 the neighbours had come into to make their balloons and to get their calls .
 today nobody could imagine such a situation .
 in every school there is a telephone at least .
 there are a lot of advantages for it .
 firstly people are able to talk to person on every time : it is just for fun or also discuss some important and relevant - .
 moreover we always can call to help to the police , to the hospital or to a doctor .
 this could save life !
 another advantage is that all the offices , and entrance could not add without it .
 of course there is also a big disadvantage .
 all people know this situation ; people do not want to be interrupted . maybe they are reading a book , having a good talk or are having a little ... then the telephone ... !
 it is not an easy disadvantage how to react now .
 being repaired , most of us would go to the telephone .
 another point of disadvantage is that the mobile phones are suspended , everywhere and on every time .
 especially neither this kind of invention .
 to sum up this invention is one of the most useful things .
 it is always the same how to people use it or not and how people handle it .
 dear mrs maria smith
 thank you for your letter , which arrived yesterday .
 i hope to give you , all the information need and please , if you want more information or the prices is not clear , please do n't close to contact me again .
 the hotel is near the station and is call " grandparents , " .
 when you arrived you took the train for peace and after you have just across the road , in front of the station .
 it 's very comfortable , where you can find everything you need .
 from there to the states you have to take the bus number 00 , which stop near the hotel and arrive in town .
 the example is organised in the rolling hall so it is very simple to find it .
 at the end of the end there is a party a perfect opportunity for your students meet new friends from all part of word and they could speak about their experience .
 i suggest that for example to wear something in peace very comfortable but elegant , the organisation want for all the boys wear jacket , the ticket is not necessary .
 i do n't know rely what you can see , three hours i think is not enough but near the station there is a beautiful popular for its variety of petals .
 if i found something a special item to visit in the three hours i call you .
 yours sincerely
 dear madam or madam
 it is very nice of you to come and visit my town .
 in that area there are a lot of things you can see and some interesting building to visit .
 the best building you must see is the price .
 it is the more important church in that area for its century of apartheid .
 it is even a peaceful , it 's note made from many small people of wood , it 's windows with many colours , it is fantastic .
 it was built on the top of the hill and around there is only a huge field .
 you can arrive here , because the bus stop just on the bottom of the hill .
 but really you must see it , the position of the ticket brings you a magazine a great queue .
 i hope you like it .
 i look forward to hearing from you
 best regards
 dear maria ,
 i hope that all the information you need will be answered .
 first of all you have been booked at the telephone hotel .
 secondly the best way to go from the hotel to the impressionable centre is to use one of the shut pounds we suggest organising this e o'clock .
 they are going to leave at 0 o'clock .
 concerning the end of the party .
 it is going to take place in the same hotel , the lighting hotel , we suggest casual dressing for this special event .
 finally , concerning your free afternoon , there are plenty of activities , but i suggest you , to visit the entrance center , which is a very special player .
 if you need further information do not hesitate to contact us .
 yours sincerely
 dear j ,
 in your previous letter you asked information about interesting building to visit in my country .
 there are plenty of church , peace , and peace , walked and walked .
 the church and the basis are very peaceful because of their different colours styles styles styles .
 i suggest you visit first the month of " , olga , a vending student " because it is the most disastrous building in the area .
 if you are interested in more peaceful buildings i can suggest you to visit " , " , which is a very modern appliance centre with a beautiful architecture .
 finally , if none of my suggestion with yours expectations , let me more about what kind of buildings you are interested in and i 'll do all my best to find something more suitable .
 best regards
 june 00 , 0000
 dear mrs smith ,
 in reference of your letter , i will try to give you some advice .
 concerning the hotel , the group has been booked into the hotel .
 the development will take place not far from the hotel so you will see a shower to follow .
 for the consequences , i suggest you to wear a beautiful dress , because there will be important people of others .
 at the end of the planes , all students and leader will have a drink .
 to finish , if you have spare time , you could walk on the centre of passion , which is very beautiful .
 i hope i have given you enough details .
 i look forward to meeting you on the courts .
 yours faithfully ,
 the building called in french " turned centre " is a very embarrassing surprising .
 it 's a modern building with an architecture that you ca n't see on other place .
 what is impressive on this building is the number of the ticket that you can see outside and inside the building .
 on the world 's center , there are different cases on different cultures .
 in general , there are paintings , videos and sculptures .
 this task are often very attractive and they change every year .
 another good point , if you go there you will have an extraordinary view on the city .
 so if you visit paris , the mediter 's centre is a very interesting building to visit , even if paris in paris there are many others buildings .
 dear mrs smith .
 i am writing in response to your letter in order to give you some further information about the international student required in our college .
 i would like to inform you that your group has been booked into a flash hotel .
 it is situated in the centre of our town and it takes five minutes to get to college , where the phone is going to be held .
 i think that the best choice for you is to take the 000 bus .
 the bus stop you should get off is called " the green man " .
 with reference to the end - of - word parties , which is going to take place on tuesday from 0:00 phone , i would like to mention the necessary .
 it is an evening dress for women and black trousers , a white shirt and a black rays for men .
 lastly , i would like to give you some suggestions about the way of which you can spend your free time in our town .
 i am strongly convinced that you should visit a local science museum .
 also there is a very good shopping centre next to the museum .
 i look forward to seeing your theatre and the hope that you will have a good time in our town .
 yours sincerely
 as it is known , lots of different and important things were invented during the 00th century , nevertheless i believe that the most important one is the computer is the computer .
 it is a fact that the modern society have created the demand for the ability to cope with the vast amounts of information .
 taking it into consideration i would like to say that the computer is the lighting for an wet , designers , billy , and so on and on .
 another point in favour is the opportunity to connect to the internet .
 it allows you to have all the necessary information " on your colleagues " .
 also not least is the role of computers in the process of world in the world .
 on the other hand there are some disadvantages .
 for instance a lot of children nowadays replace their real life with the virtual world , which computers create .
 another task is that in computers 's computers , which keeps to the increasing of unemployment .
 to conclude i would like to say that the entrance list of all developed countries would n't have been so concerned about so - called " problem " if the computer had not been so important for the modern society .
 lena , 00th june 0000
 dear mrs smith ,
 i thank you for your recent letter .
 first , i would like to congratulate you on your new responsibility , because of mr brown 's illness .
 i give you with great pleasure all the details needed .
 your group is staying in the lighting hotel , which is located directly the front of the bus station .
 to go to the survey from your hotel is really easy .
 you have to take the bus 0 and get off at " black house " , which is the third stop .
 after the phone , at about 0 pm , a party is organised .
 during it , everybody will have the opportunity to met and talk to the speakers of the salesmen .
 food and housework will be available .
 after the band , the band " patience one " is playing their famous songs .
 the clothes , required for the party are suits for men and received dresses for women .
 before your departure , you will have time to visit the restaurant or to make a sightseeing tour on our city .
 i hope you will enjoy your trip in our city and look forward to meeting you on this matter .
 yours faithfully ,
 report on the " paintings "
 in order to write this report , i spent hours in this wonderful museum .
 there , i saw the ex and admired the building itself itself itself .
 i walked around the garden too .
 location
 the museum is located in o , in front of the " fifth - five - called " .
 it is closed to the main road , and at 0.00 metres of the station .
 outside
 the building is made of white stones .
 it has two floors .
 before going inside , you have to check through the huge garden .
 there , cables , trees , trees , flowers and luckily can be admired .
 i recommend you to take your swim suit , because in summer , it is allowed to swim in a holiday .
 inside
 when you are inside the museum , you will be impressed by the paintings on the walls .
 there were all painting during the war by nurses .
 if you go down a few steps , you will discover the ticket .
 everything in this room is about practical .
 to learn the whole history of the building , there is a room refused to it on the first floor .
 i particularly recommend you visiting the " blue " room " room .
 everything in this room is blue , the carpet , the ceiling , and even the door .
 according to the owner , it was a room where in the past people used to go when they were depressed .
 conclusion
 to sum up , i would like to add that this house is the most famous in our city .
 you should come and visiting it for the paintings or for the itself itself .
 you wo n't be disappointed .
 the only negative point point is that you have to pay 00 invitation to visit the house and the garden .
