 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am sad to read about not being at his best .
 i am sad to read about richard not being well .
 i hope that he will recover soon and that he will make it to our development .
 i hope that he will recover soon and that he will make it to our conference .
 as far as organisation is concerned , financial number of discount rooms with a shower or daughter been booked for your group at the hotel ' voluntary clock from the train , from the train station .
 as far as the organisation is concerned , an adequate number of double rooms with shower or bath have been booked for your group at the palace hotel , located across the main street from the train station .
 to come to our college , you can either watch downhill to the lake ( about 00 min ) or take the new car from the train station station station station .
 to come to our college , you can either walk downhill to the lakeside ( about 00 mins ) or take the new cable car from the train station .
 the college is just stairs away from the bottom end .
 the college is just steps away from the bottom end .
 the end - of - year will take place in a boat on the lake on the lake .
 the end - of - conference party will take place on a boat cruising on the lake .
 it will start by a speech from the director of the fame , followed by a meal .
 it will start with a speech from the director of the conference , followed by a meal .
 the fifteenth - equipped will begin at 00 pm with a short musical - five performed by some of our students and end with me , fortunately of the college at 0 am .
 the recreational part will begin at 00 pm with a short musical comedy performed by some of our students and end with fireworks launched from the roof of the college at 0 am .
 as night may be cold at this time of the year , may i suggest that you take with you a cheque .
 as nights may be cold at this time of the year , may i suggest that you take with you a pullover .
 apart of that , there is no recommendation as what to wear .
 apart from that , there is no recommendation as to what to wear .
 on the interests of your students , i would suggest that you organise the internet site of the tourists office : the ticket desk.k.v.v. .
 depending on the interests of your students , i would suggest that you visit the internet site of the tourist office : www.neuchatel.ch .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 where are you ?
 ' where are you ? '
 is very often the first question that you will be asked when possible the phone .
 is very often the first question that you will be asked when answering the phone .
 why ?
 why ?
 because somebody has invented the most popular communication .
 because somebody has invented the most popular communication device ever .
 the mobile phone .
 the mobile phone .
 once heavy , expensive and not reliable , the new mobile phone machines in almost any pocket and is given away by the operator to attract new customers .
 once heavy , expensive and not reliable , the new mobile phone fits in almost any pocket and is given away by the operator to attract new customers .
 due to the mobile phone .
 due to the mobile phone ,
 communication has changed , not improved .
 communication has changed , not improved .
 of course it allows to be reached everywhere ( even in places you would n't want ) .
 of course it allows us to be reached everywhere ( even in places you would n't want ) .
 for practical , it is a great help .
 for rescue teams , it is a great help .
 but is n't it a robotic outside life .
 but is n't it a handicap outside professional life ?
 should n't people communicate with those they are next to instead of calling someone 0 actions away .
 should n't people communicate with those they are next to instead of calling someone 0 miles away ?
 it is not rare to see two people walking by side , both talking on the phone .
 it is not rare to see two people walking side by side , both talking on the phone .
 would n't be better to prepare the shopping list instead of a home to ask what patience to buy .
 would n't it be better to prepare the shopping list instead of dialling home to ask which salad to buy ?
 mobile phone is a marvellous invention but as for peace , we should right on it .
 the mobile phone is a marvellous invention , but as with cigarettes , we should write on it :
 peace : use of this advice may damage .
 caution : use of this device may damage your brain .
 dear mrs smith
 dear mrs smith
 i am writing to reply to your letter you wrote me in june 00 june .
 i am writing to reply to the letter you wrote to me on 00 june .
 firstly , i would like to tell you that the group has been booked into which works , which is beside beside the house house house in the centre .
 firstly , i would like to tell you that the group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is located beside the congress house in the centre .
 you can make contact with mrs exercise using the number 00 0000000 .
 you can make contact with mrs brackenbury using the number 00 0000000 .
 secondly , the best way from the hotel to the development is to take the bus , which is especially organized by us .
 secondly , the best way to get from the hotel to the conference is to take the bus , which has been specially organized by us .
 the bus leaves leaves at 0:00 every morning and gets back to the hotel at 0 o'clock in the evening .
 the bus leaves at 0:00 every morning and gets back to the hotel at 0 o'clock in the evening .
 of course there 's also a bus number 0 in front of the hotel is also suitable , but it leaves only half an hour .
 of course there 's also a number 0 bus , in front of the hotel , which is also suitable , but it leaves only every half an hour .
 the end - of - called party , which happened in the evening on 00 june , is going to be held on the entrance .
 the end - of - conference party , which will be in the evening on 00 june , is going to be held on the coast .
 beside the barbecue , there are some well - known student bands from our country are performing music through the whole night .
 beside the barbecue , there will be some well - known student bands from our country playing music through the whole night .
 what 's more is that there 's a math band came to make the party more colourful .
 what 's more is that there 's a latin music band coming to make the party more colourful .
 it plays from 00:00 to 00:00 , while the students can enjoy it with dancing .
 it will play from 00:00 to 00:00 , while the students can enjoy it with dancing .
 the main events of the party will end up at about 00:00 in the night .
 the main events of the party will be at about 00:00 in the night .
 as you see , what to wear is just something casual .
 as you see , what to wear is just something casual .
 finally , in the last afternoon , we could visit the museums , microwaves ( we have a very interesting robot - market ) .
 finally , on the last afternoon , we could visit the museums and markets ( we have a very interesting robot - market ) .
 basically it 's a free time for the students to look round here by themselves .
 basically it 's free time for the students to look round here by themselves .
 i hope your questions answered immediately .
 i hope your questions have been answered appropriately .
 i 'm looking forward to seeing you in the development .
 i 'm looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 computers life
 computer life
 now - a day computer can be found in almost every corner , in offices , in shops .
 nowadays computers can be found in almost every corner , in offices , in shops .
 or even in cars and was recommended there 're a computer company .
 there 're even computer chips in cars and washing machines .
 what has a computer affected to our life ?
 how have computers affected our life ?
 first of all , the efficiency of society has been improved .
 first of all , the efficiency of society has been improved .
 when shopping , we do n't need to wait the ticket to take every article 's note by hand .
 when shopping , we do n't need to wait for the cashier to take every article 's note by hand .
 when booking a cheque , we can just simply make a phone to any agency , and get done it done in one minute .
 when booking a flight , we can just make a phone call to any agency , and get it done in one minute .
 secondly , instead of looking up of books to get the information that we need , we can very easily find it from the internet or on the local network .
 secondly , instead of looking up tons of books to get the information that we need , we can very easily search for it on the internet or on the local network .
 it 's a very often heard that someone , who has a special illness , losing by a foreign item , which he find the internet .
 it 's very often heard that someone who has a rare illness has had an operation at a foreign institute which he found via the internet .
 moreover , with computer network , it can be possible that people work from home , making projects , controlling operations or having a teenager .
 moreover , with computer networks , it is possible for people to work from home , making projects , controlling operations or having conferences .
 lastly the way of communications has also been changed .
 lastly the way of communications has also changed .
 instead of the venue , we can talk , or even see each other with the help of computer network .
 instead of traditional telecommunications , we can talk by , e - mail or even see each other with the help of a computer network .
 of course there 're also some aspects in which the computer technology need to be improved .
 of course there 're also some aspects in which computer technology needs to be improved .
 for example , reading on the screen is still not as comfortable as on papers .
 for example , reading on the screen is still not as comfortable as reading on paper .
 a very important and problem is the reliability and security .
 a very important and severe problem is reliability and security .
 till now , to completely rely on computers is still somehow not safe enough .
 so far , it is still somehow not safe enough to completely rely on computers .
 in conclusion , computer have become a very essential side of our life , and it 's still a young invention , which need to be improved improved .
 in conclusion , computers have become a necessity in our life , and it 's still a young invention , which needs to be improved .
 dear maria
 dear maria
 first at all , i am sorry about mosquitoes illness .
 first at all , i am sorry about richard 's illness .
 please remember me to him and give him my best wishes .
 please remember me to him and give him my best wishes .
 about your request , i 'm going to give you all the information that i think you must need , however , you can call me if you considered it , so phone the number is 0000 0000 0000 ) .
 concerning your request , i 'm going to give you all the information that i think you will need . however , you can call me if you consider it necessary . ( my phone number is 0000 0000 . )
 your group has been booked into the administration hotel .
 your group has been booked into the palace hotel .
 because it is a well - equipped hotel it should be easy to find it .
 because it is a well - known hotel it should be easy to find it .
 moreover , it is really well - located so it will allow you to move around the city without any problem .
 moreover , it is really well located so it will allow you to move around the city without any problem .
 even more the reason is going to take place in the exhibition centre , which is located only five minutes walking far from the hotel .
 more importantly the conference is going to take place in the exhibition centre , which is located only five minutes ' walk from the hotel .
 we haven't asked for any special clothes so i would wear casual and comfortable clothes , although you can come well - dressed , if you feel better .
 we haven't asked for any special clothes so i would wear casual and comfortable clothes , although you can come well dressed , if you feel better that way .
 after the consequences we are going to have an informal dinner with a snack time in order to introduce each others .
 after the conference we are going to have an informal dinner with a previous snack time in order to introduce ourselves to each other .
 finally in my opinion , you should visit the art gallery .
 finally , in my opinion , you should visit the art gallery .
 it will take you two or three hours but it 's a gorgeous place .
 it will take you two or three hours but it 's a gorgeous place .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 " friday , " a real holiday building .
 " sagrada familia " , a real holy building .
 if you are looking for a special building in barcelona , which you can like whatever your ticket are , you should visit the " friday " .
 if you are looking for a special building in barcelona , which you will like whatever your tastes are , you should visit the " sagrada familia " .
 among the big number of choices , this education offers a gorgeous story and the top of its lawyer , a charming story and one of the most representative of the representative of the mysterious goal art .
 among the large number of choices , this unfinished church offers a gorgeous view from the top of its towers , a charming story and one of the most representative examples of catalonian modernist art .
 synthetics this church 0000 , though it was n't until 0000 they started to build it .
 gaudi conceived of this church in 0000 , though it was n't until 0000 they started to build it .
 since the beginning work was interrupted in different and started again .
 since the beginning the work has been interrupted at different times and started again .
 after the fifteenth death it was stop which was fortunately three years later .
 after gaudi 's death it was critical stop which was fortunately solved three years later .
 nowadays , hard work is done in order to finish as soon as possible .
 nowadays , hard work is being done in order to finish it as soon as possible .
 the job can wonder around all the building or follow a guided visit .
 the visitor can wander around the whole building or follow a guided tour .
 there is a exhibition room where and projects can be higher .
 there is an exhibition room where maps and plans can be consulted .
 and , unless you suffer from your heart , you should climb the 000 steps which carry you to the top .
 and , unless you suffer from a heart problem , you should climb the 000 steps which carry you to the top .
 there you can enjoy a terrific view , not only will you see almost all the city but also you will find another number of this building .
 there you can enjoy a terrific view . not only will you see almost all the city but also you will discover another perspective of this magnificent building .
 dear mrs smith
 dear mrs smith
 as you know i am in charge for organising the sentences in my college . do not worry if not did not left you all the information .
 as you know , i am in charge of organising the conference in my college . do not worry if richard did not leave you all the information .
 i am pleased to help you .
 i am pleased to help you .
 we looked in every hotel in town trying to give you the best offer .
 we looked at every hotel in town , trying to give you the best offer .
 we found two good hotels but we decided for the lighting hotel .
 we found two good hotels and we decided on the palace hotel .
 this has the best price that we could find .
 this has the best price that we could find .
 the fellow day our school classmates is going to pick you up in the hotel and take you to the annoying .
 on the conference day our school driver is going to pick you up at the hotel and take you to the conference .
 the party is going to be in a local age near college so the best way to get there .
 the party is going to be in a local discotheque near the college so the best way to get there is to walk .
 you do not have to wear any special kind of clothes but in my opinion you can wear very average .
 you do not have to wear any special kind of clothes but in my opinion you can wear very casual clothes .
 finally , the last day i innocently you to go to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around .
 finally , on the last day i suggest you go to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 introduction
 introduction
 the aim of this report is to recommend you to visit the middle works , walls .
 the aim of this report is to recommend you to visit the fuerte de san diego museum .
 this is an historical building .
 this is a historical building .
 i asked some sent in town and this was the best place to choose .
 i asked some people in town and this was the best place to choose .
 history
 history
 the band deaps was build built at the time when the spanish people was trying to take all the lands from various , one of the most important people who was at of front of her was silent , the first spanish in have more than anyone at that time .
 the fuerte de sandiego museum was built at the time when the spanish people were trying to take all the lands from mexico , one of the most important people who was at front of the fuerte was hernon cortez , the first spanish in have more lands than anyone at that time .
 place
 place
 the organisers is situated in front of the sea in the centre of the risk .
 the museum is situated in front of the sea in the centre of acapulco .
 is situated in the top of a little mountain in the " old " part in the city .
 it is situated on the top of a little mountain in the " old " part of the city .
 you are able to get there by car or walking and see everything which was made at that time .
 you are able to get there by car or on foot and see everything which was made at that time .
 conclusion
 conclusion
 on the whole this is the best building in peace for his history and reputation .
 on the whole , this is the best building in acapulco for its history and reputation .
 it is the best place to go and easy to get there .
 it is the best place to go and it is easy to get there .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 as the leader of the lottery - organisation , i 'm glad if i can help you .
 as the leader of the conference - organisation , i 'm glad if i can help you .
 my wish is that nothing goes wrong .
 my hope is that nothing goes wrong .
 so you have to know more details about our development .
 so you have to know more details about our conference .
 your hotel is called hotel and it is placed in the city centre .
 your hotel is called palace hotel and it is located in the city centre .
 as far as i know this hotel is very comfortable .
 as far as i know , this hotel is very comfortable .
 there is also a - station near - stuck hotel .
 there is also a subway - station near palace hotel .
 our college is not far away .
 our college is not very far away .
 you only have to take the ticket - train .
 you only have to take the subway - train .
 after three you have arrived arrived visiting street .
 after three stations you have arrived at brooklyn street .
 when you come out of the ticket you see our college .
 when you come out of the subway you see our college .
 the task starts at 0 o'clock and ends at 0 o'clock .
 the conference starts at 0 o'clock and ends at 0 o'clock .
 the students have prepared a music programme for the end - of - languages party .
 the students have prepared a music programme for the end - of - conference party .
 there will also be an international seats .
 there will also be an international buffet .
 so do n't eat too much before you come .
 so do n't eat too much before you come .
 and please do n't worry about clothes .
 and please do n't worry about clothes .
 there are not any rules .
 there are not any rules .
 in our city there is a big adventure swimming park .
 in our city there is a big adventure swimming park .
 i think you should visit water world on your last day .
 i think you should visit water world on your last day .
 you will have a lot of fund , i can tell you .
 you will have a lot of fun , i can tell you .
 if you need any further information please call me .
 if you need any further information please call me .
 my number is :
 my number is : 000000
 yours faithfully ,
 yours faithfully ,
 the telephone is a very important invention , which has affected our lives .
 the telephone is a very important invention , which has affected our lives .
 it is a way for people to communicate although they are at two different places .
 it is a way for people to communicate although they are in two different places .
 people use the telephone every day and it is one of the most important things in daily life .
 people use the telephone every day and it is one of the most important things in daily life .
 in my opinion people need a telephone .
 in my opinion people need a telephone .
 for example , a telephone is very important in job - life .
 for example a telephone is very important in professional life .
 nowadays there are no companies which do not have a telephone .
 nowadays , there are no companies which do not have a telephone .
 also it is god for people 's safety .
 also it is good for people 's safety .
 you can call the police if you are in danger or the future if you are injured .
 you can call the police if you are in danger or the ambulance if you are injured .
 people use the telephone also for their personal life .
 people also use the telephone in their personal life .
 for example , when you want to talk to your family or to your friends who live far away .
 for example , when you want to talk to your family or to your friends who live far away .
 another aspect is that people have more time if they have a telephone .
 another aspect is that people have more time if they have a telephone .
 they are able to give us and receive information very quickly .
 they are able to give and receive information very quickly .
 this invention has made our lives easier and quickly lighter .
 this invention has made our lives easier and quicker .
 the telephone has made my own life also easy and quick .
 the telephone has also made my own life easy and quick .
 it makes something possible you can not do .
 it makes something possible you can not do .
 finally i would say that the telephone is very glad for people .
 finally , i would say that the telephone is very efficient for people .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to reply to your letter and to give answers to your questions .
 i am writing to reply to your letter and to give answers to your questions .
 the group has been booked into the age hotel , a five star hotel , which offers many facilities .
 the group has been booked into the palace hotel , a five star hotel , which offers many facilities .
 it is famous for its friendly staff and comfortable rooms .
 it is famous for its friendly staff and comfortable rooms .
 the students can get there with no 00 bus .
 the students can get there on the no 00 bus .
 they must get on the bus from the city centre and get rid after five stations at walls station .
 they must get on the bus from the city centre and get off after five stops at palace station .
 the hotel is opposite the station .
 the hotel is opposite the station .
 at the end - of - the college , in which the chinese will be held , gives a party for all the students .
 at the end of the conference , the college , in which the conference will be held , gives a party for all the students .
 it will be an light food , like sandwiches , tele , luckily , musicians , sweets and different drinks - no alcohol .
 they will be offered light food , like sandwiches , pommes frites , chips , sweets and different drinks - no alcohol .
 there will be life music and the students can dance and enjoy themselves .
 there will be live music and the students can dance and enjoy themselves .
 it would be better to wear casual clothes , because they are more comfortable and are liked by students .
 it would be better to wear casual clothes , because they are more comfortable and are liked by students .
 on the last day , the students can enjoy a sightseeing tour around the city , which can be arranged if the students want to .
 on the last day , the students can enjoy a sightseeing tour around the city , which can be arranged if the students want to .
 the group can also visit the zoo , the opera or stay and relax at the college 's enormous garden and enjoy the reception .
 the group can also visit the zoo , the opera or stay and relax in the college 's enormous garden and enjoy the scenery .
 do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information .
 do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information .
 i am looking forward to seeing you .
 i am looking forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 to : leader of american students
 to : group leader of american students
 from :
 from :
 subject : an interesting building to visit
 subject : an interesting building to visit
 here is information about the castle in a cheque .
 here is information about the castle in nyremberg
 obviously : the castle is in the city centre and nearby an enormous church .
 location : the castle is in the city centre near an enormous church .
 someone can get to the city centre with the public bus bus and then on foot to the castle .
 you can get to the city centre on the no.000 bus and then go on foot to the castle .
 service : it is over 000 years old but it is kept a good condition by the local people , who are proud of this castle .
 service : it is over 000 years old but it is kept in good condition by the local people , who are proud of this castle .
 activities : at this time of the year , you will visit into a peaceful , on the castle are taken place many plays plays or concerts .
 activities : at the time of the year you will visit nyremberg , many theatrical plays or concerts are taking place in the castle .
 view : from the castle you can have a wonderful view of all the town , especially at night when all the lights are on .
 view : from the castle you can have a wonderful view of the whole town , especially at night when all the lights are on .
 it is a different experience .
 it is a different experience .
 history : at the castle are always a few addict , who will show around and tell him about the history of the castle ( when it was built , by whom why ) , which makes everyone accident .
 history : at the castle there are always a few guides , who will show someone around and tell him about the history of the castle ( when it was built , by whom and why ) , which makes everyone enthusiastic .
 recommendation
 recommendation
 i recommend visiting this castle , because it is interesting , marvellous and something different .
 i recommend visiting this castle , because it is interesting , marvellous and something different .
 it is the favourite place of all the tourists who visit to the education .
 it is the favourite place of all the tourists who visit nyremberg .
 surely , is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different experience and a year too lesson too .
 nyremberg is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different experience and a lesson too .
 by the way you can visit the
 by the way , you can visit the
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing with reference to your last letter concerning the international student in our college .
 i am writing with reference to your last letter concerning the international student conference in our college .
 i would get you the information you are requested .
 i will give you the information you have requested .
 first of all , we have booked the cables hotel for your group .
 first of all , we have booked the palace hotel for your group .
 this hotel is quiet and near the buildings .
 this hotel is quiet and near the conference building .
 however , i would suggest going by bus from the hotel to the chinese because this is the most convenient form form of transport .
 however , i would suggest going by bus from the hotel to the conference because this is the most convenient form of transport .
 furthermore , as usually , we would organise a party at the end of the conferencing , therefore , it would be great if your students wear a suit ( for man ) or a skirt ( for woman ) .
 furthermore , as usual , we will organise a party at the end of the conference , therefore , it would be great if your students wore a suit ( for a man ) or a skirt ( for a woman ) .
 furthermore , this party will be in your hotel like the following years .
 furthermore , this party will be in your hotel as in the previous years .
 finally , there are a lot of aspects , which is our town , therefore , i would suggest going to the middle museum , which is really fascinating .
 finally , there are a lot of museums in our town . therefore , i would suggest going to the frogs museum , which is really fascinating .
 do n't hesitate to contact me if you need any further information .
 do n't hesitate to contact me if you need any further information .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 from :
 from :
 for : the group leader .
 for : the group leader .
 subject : x , satellite art museum .
 subject : aboriginal art museum .
 the aim of this report is intended to describe the biggest building of our town .
 the aim of this report is to describe the biggest building of our town .
 i am in a position to choose a good building which students like myself are interested in .
 i am in a position to choose a good building which students like myself are interested in .
 a ) this museum presents more than necessary original art pictures .
 a ) this museum exhibits more than 000000 original art pictures .
 b ) the building has been soaked in 0000 , therefore , it is a modern architecture .
 b ) the building was built in 0000 . therefore , it is an example of modern architecture .
 therefore ) this building is as high as compensation tournament on paris .
 c ) this building is as high as the eiffel tower in paris .
 please ) this building is the 00th , and also 000 people whom can help you if you need any information .
 d ) this building includes 00 toilets , 000,000 lights , and also 000 people who can help you if you need any information .
 i would suggest this place because it is interesting to discover the fifteenth of the world in one of the modern sentence building building .
 i would suggest this place because it is interesting to discover the oldest civilisation in the world in one of the most modern buildings .
 mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i received your letter this morning and i would like to thank you for your interest in the courts .
 i received your letter this morning and i would like to thank you for your interest in the conference .
 i hope i can answer your questions .
 i hope i can answer your questions .
 at first , this international student has the education of explain to students how important is the education .
 first , this international student conference has the aim of explaining to students how important education is .
 in addition to this , we choose the luxury separate , which is comfortable enough and in a good location .
 in addition to this , we have chosen the luxury palace hotel , which is comfortable enough and in a good location .
 the middle hotel is located in the centre of the city , so you can go by train , by bus or by car .
 the palace hotel is located in the centre of the city , so you can come by train , by bus or by car .
 i suggest you go by train and go out in the museum station .
 i suggest you should go by train and get off at museum station .
 the development will happen in the hotel , which is so much easier .
 the conference will be held in the hotel , which is so much easier .
 the phone , not being modest , it is quite well organized .
 the conference , not being modest , is quite well organized .
 it will start at eight in the morning and will finish up around five in the afternoon .
 it will start at eight in the morning and will finish around five in the afternoon .
 i suggest you should wear something carefully .
 i suggest you should wear something informal .
 even though we want to make things as more comfortable as possible to our students .
 even though we want to make things as comfortable as possible for our students .
 i am very happy that you want to know my area , although i am afraid an afternoon is not enough .
 i am very happy that you want to know about my area , although i am afraid an afternoon is not enough .
 however , if you want , you can call me and i can show you some interesting places . i will be very glad .
 however , if you want , you can call me and i can show you some interesting places . i will be very glad .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 affecting our lives
 affecting our lives
 cars , computer , innocently , aeroplanes : who did never use this once ?
 cars , boats , motorbikes , airplanes : who has never used them once ?
 this is a good question .
 this is a good question .
 the humans seems always that they are running and the fastest of this inventions is certainly , the airplane .
 people always seem to be running and the fastest of these inventions is certainly the airplane .
 at first , when state sources invented linton the airplane , he probably did n't think how the people could transform his invention .
 at first , when santos dummont invented the airplane , he probably did n't think how people could transform his creation .
 in this world , where the fight to be the best one could n't be different frog : the airplane became the most important thing in the war .
 in this world , where the nations fight to be the best one could n't be different , the airplane became the most important thing in the war .
 unfortunately , it was used to kill a lot of people .
 unfortunately , it was used to kill a lot of people .
 however , the invention of the airplane has brought us some facilities .
 however , the invention of the airplane has brought us some facilities .
 how could a person come from brazil to australia ?
 how could a person go from brazil to australia without it ?
 maybe by boat , but it could take too long !
 maybe by boat , but it could take too long !
 the best way is definitely air , by air air .
 the best way is definitely by air .
 after this invention travel around the world is so much easier .
 with this invention travel around the world is so much easier .
 now , we have to say thanks and congratulate all the world who invented things for us .
 now , we have to say thanks and congratulate all the inventors who invented facility things for us .
 so , the airplane is definitely because it has changed people 's life in wars .
 so , the airplane is definitely an important invention , because it has changed people 's lives in wars .
 until now , it is being important in the transport of thousands and thousands of people around the world .
 now , it is important in the transport of thousands and thousands of people around the world .
 let 's congratulatees thankses !
 let 's congratulate santos dummont !
 dear mrs smith
 dear mrs smith
 thank you for your reply .
 thank you for your letter .
 of course i will give you some more detail about the student 's licence .
 of course i will give you some more details about the student conference .
 first of all the hotel brown , brown has been cases , in is the fifteenth 's hotel .
 first of all the hotel richard brown has looked at is the palace hotel .
 it could keep the main train in our town .
 it 's located close to the main train station in our town .
 it is quite near the option .
 it is quite near the conference building .
 there will be extra to get there .
 there will be extra buses to get there .
 the bus will pick you put up at your hotel .
 the bus will pick you up right at your hotel entrance .
 the end - of - year will be a small dinner for all students .
 the end - of - conference party will be a small dinner for all the students .
 you do not have to wear formal clothes , just wear what you wear .
 you do not have to wear special clothes , just wear what you always wear .
 if you take your wallet with you it would be pleasant to leave it at the hotel . and wear something else .
 if you take your uniform with you it would be pleasant to leave it at the hotel and wear something else .
 there are many things you can do for this short time on the last day .
 there are many things you could do for this short time on the last day .
 you could visit our famous famous museum of art or go for a walk along the lake .
 you could visit our famous museum of art or go for a walk along the lakeside .
 if you want something for fun or entertainment go patience .
 if you want to do something for fun or entertainment , go bowling .
 if you have any further questions , just let me know
 if you have any further questions , just let me know .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 our church is a very famous building on our country .
 our church is a very famous building in our country .
 it is hundreds long and its tower is forty - five metres and high meters .
 it is eighty metres long and its tower is forty - five metres tall .
 on the top of the tower it has a huge clock on eating works .
 on the top of the tower it has a huge clock on each side .
 the tower is red and the church itself is white .
 the tower is red and the church itself is painted white .
 in the church are many expensive cases .
 in the church are many expensive drawings .
 there is space for five hundred people .
 there is space for about five hundred people .
 the church was built in 0000 .
 the church was built in 0000 .
 it is a peaceful 0000 because of the second world war it had been infected .
 it was rebuilt in 0000 because of the second world war , when it had been damaged .
 the church is located on a place where you see the whole mountain of colleagues .
 the church is located in a place where you can see the whole rigi mountain chain .
 visit our church because it is one of the most famous church in our country .
 visit our church because it is one of the most famous churches in our country .
 it has a interesting past .
 it has an interesting past .
 the tower is absolutely marvellous .
 the tower is absolutely marvellous .
 you can walk to the top of the tower and it shows you a beautiful view .
 you can walk to the top of the tower and it gives you a beautiful view .
 if you want to visit the church , there will be a special guide who shows you always the things and answer your questions .
 if you want to visit the church , there will be a special guide who will show you all the things and answer your questions .
 the entrance will be free .
 entry is free .
 dear mrs smith , hello maria .
 dear mrs smith , hello maria .
 in this letter you will get all the information that you need .
 in this letter you will get all the information that you need .
 the hotel that group had been booked is the lighting hotel ( in the musicians road ) .
 the hotel that group has been booked into is the palace hotel ( on the victoria road ) .
 and you can take the bus in front of the hotel to go to the college .
 and you can catch the bus in front of the hotel to go to the college .
 it is four bus stops .
 it is four bus stops away .
 then walk straight for five minutes , you will see the college .
 then walk straight ahead for five minutes . you will see the college .
 after the party , we will go to an entertainment area to have fun and we will eat in the end of the party .
 after the party , we will go to an entertainment area to have fun and we will eat in mc'donalds .
 the rest you already knows .
 the rest you already know .
 i suggest looking shirts and jeans .
 i suggest wearing shirts and jeans .
 and the last three hours before you return , we can go to the " bon " cinema to watch a 0- 'd film !
 and the last three hours before you return , we can go to the " imax " cinema to watch a 0-d film !
 after we eat in the ticket .
 afterwards we will eat in the kfc .
 then we all took you and the students to the airport .
 then we will all take you and the students to the airport .
 that 's all .
 that 's everything .
 i wait you .
 i wait you .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 madrid is a big city and have many interesting places .
 madrid is a big city and has many interesting places .
 but the best place for me is " la - la " .
 but the best place for me is " la vaguada " .
 an entertainment and commercial building .
 an entertainment and commercial building .
 in there , students can have fun in the fifteenth areas , can watch a film and eat all kinds of food and have shopping .
 in there , students can have fun in the recreation areas , can watch a film and eat all kinds of food and go shopping .
 we can have fun as well .
 we can have fun as well .
 and that 's why i recommend this place to you .
 and that 's why i recommend this place to you .
 the building itself is a large building .
 the building itself is a large building .
 it is very safe as there are patience and spain .
 it is very safe as there are policemen and cameras .
 the buildings seems to be very new but it is quite old .
 the building seems to be very new but it is quite old .
 people love this place and called it " madrid - two " .
 people love this place and called it " madrid two " .
 around it , there are many restaurants and shops as the building bring a lot of people .
 around it , there are many restaurants and shops as the building attracts a lot of people .
 inside , there are fast - food restaurants and shops as well .
 inside , there are fast - food restaurants and shops as well .
 and it is easy to come .
 and it is easy to get to .
 just take the bus 00 or the circumstances - way .
 just take the 00 bus or the subway .
 in here , you can find everything that you want .
 in here , you can find everything that you want .
 hope you like it .
 hope you like it .
 00 june 0000 .
 00 june 0000 .
 dear maria smith ,
 dear maria smith ,
 i received your letter and i 'm happy to help you . we booked the lighting hotel for your group , it 's nice and quiet .
 i received your letter and i 'm happy to help you . we booked the palace hotel for your group . it 's nice and quiet .
 i 'm sure you 'll be fine here .
 i 'm sure you 'll be fine here .
 we chose the lighting because it 's near our college , too .
 we chose the palace hotel because it 's near our college , too .
 so you are going to come in the animals in some minutes .
 so you are going to get to the conference in a few minutes .
 when you go out of the hotel turn and go right and go safe on , at the first age turn for the right again .
 when you go out of the hotel turn right and go straight on ; turn right again at the first crossroads .
 at the end of this street you can see our college on your left , it 's a green building .
 at the end of this street you can see our college on your left . it 's a green building .
 at the end - of - year it 'll be something to eat and to drink .
 at the end - of - conference party there 'll be something to eat and to drink .
 in the big room where we 'll have the party , it 'll be some peace of our college , you 'll see the generations who everyone here .
 in the big room where we 'll have the party , there 'll be some pictures of our college . you 'll see all the generations who passed through here .
 the presentation are n't very important , but it 'll be fine if people will wear something different from the usual jeans .
 clothes are n't very important , but it 'll be fine if the people wear something different from the usual jeans .
 here we have a lot of beautiful things to do , but the best you can do in about the three hours is visiting the painting museum .
 here we have a lot of great things to do , but the best you can do in about three hours is visit the art museum .
 we all are looking forward to seeing your group .
 we are all looking forward to seeing your group .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 television
 television
 what would our world be without television ?
 what would our world be without television ?
 it is n't easy to give you an answer at this question .
 it is n't easy to give an answer to this question .
 television is an important invention , it allows us to better our way of communication .
 television is an important invention . it has given us a better means of communication .
 this unbelievable box box can give us a lot of information coming from all around the world .
 this animated box can give us a lot of information from all around the world .
 television has affected the " all day , life , , too . we can spend a lot of time enjoying ourselves with some bicycle , all what we have to do is watching .
 television has affected the " all days life , , , too . we can spend a lot of time enjoying ourselves with some programmes , all that we have to do is watch .
 and we like that , because it 's easier nothing doing more than ourselves in something that makes us do something .
 and we like that , because it 's easier doing nothing than engaging ourselves in something that makes us do something .
 so television can be a positive or a negative invention , it depends on which use we want to do of this box .
 so television can be a positive or a negative invention . it depends on what use we want to make of this box .
 now we should be able to answer the telephone question .
 now we should be able to answer the introducing question .
 no , i do n't think so .
 no , i do n't think so .
 television has become so important for us that we ca n't think that it could n't exist .
 television has become so important for us that we ca n't imagine that it could n't exist .
 dear mrs smith
 dear mrs smith
 i am writing to answer your letter about the details of the international students 's details .
 i am writing to answer your letter about the details of the international students conference .
 amazingly has been booked and you should first walk from the hotel to the town hall , which is called city , which is north city , is yellow on the map .
 the palace hotel has been booked and you should first walk from the hotel to the town hall railway station , which is on the north city line , which is the yellow line on the map .
 after getting on the train , you should get off in the mountain station which is for twenty minutes , is in front of the players .
 after getting on the train , you should get off at the mountain station , which is twenty minutes away . it is opposite the conference venue .
 the phone which will be held from 0 pm through 0 pm , is a formal party .
 the conference which , will be held from 0 pm through 0 pm , is a formal party .
 you should wear formal clothes , and are going to play a game and enjoy welcome together .
 you should wear formal clothes , and are going to play a game and enjoy a welcome drink together .
 before catching our plane , we will be able to enjoy going shopping around the airport for three hours in the afternoon .
 before catching our plane , we will be able to enjoy going shopping around the airport for three hours in the afternoon .
 because there are so many unique shops and you should buy good gifts for your parents .
 because there are so many unique shops and you should buy good gifts for your parents
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mrgh
 dear mr wolf
 i am writing to answer your question about the information on an interesting building to visit .
 i am writing to answer your question about an interesting building to visit .
 i would like to introduce one building in my town .
 i would like to introduce one building in my town .
 " sky heaven " which is the name of the building , is for fifteen minutes from the centre of my town .
 " sky heaven " , which is the name of the building , is fifteen minutes from the centre of my town .
 this building had a hundred floor and it takes for five minutes from the grand to the top in the ticket .
 this building has a hundred floors and it takes five minutes to go from the ground to the top in the elevator .
 there are many facilities which are a museum , a exhibition and many gift where we might also enjoy going shopping .
 there are many attractions such as a museum , an exhibition and many gift shops where we might also enjoy going shopping .
 the reason for my recommendation is that sky is the highest building in the world .
 the reason for my recommendation is that sky heaven is the tallest building in the world .
 you should get the top of the building and experience such a amazing view .
 you should go to the top of the building and enjoy an amazing view .
 another reason is that there is a good museum , which tells you about the history of my town so easily and clearly clearly .
 another reason is that there is a good museum , which tells you about the history of my town so easily and clearly .
 it is a good experience for your students .
 it will be a good experience for your students .
 i hope you will accept my recommendation and am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
 i hope you will accept my recommendation and am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am glad to help you for the organisation of the international student .
 i am glad to help you with the organisation of the international student conference .
 the group has been booked into the mediter hotel , and the best way to get from there to the coach is by pipe , the building of the is given than five minutes by five minutes .
 the group has been booked into the palace hotel , and the best way to get from there to the conference is by tube . the location of the conference is then five minutes by foot .
 at the end - of - there is a party , where we can eat something , dance and speak to each other about the conferencing .
 at the end of the conference there is a party , where we can eat something , dance and speak to each other about the conference .
 for the party , i suggest you wear classical clothes ; maybe something black and not red or doctor . i am going to wear black address and a white - it can be that this information give you some idea too .
 for the party i suggest you wear classic clothes ; maybe something black and not red or pink . i am going to wear classic black trousers and a white jersey - it might be that this information gives you some idea too .
 on the last day we are going to have about the three hours free time .
 on the last day we are going to have about three hours ' free time .
 what do you think if we will go to visit the arts museum ?
 what do you think about going to the arts museum ?
 of if we will go to hear a classical concert near the list 's holiday ?
 or we could go to hear a classic concert near the conference buildings .
 i hope that i have been able to give you some help .
 i hope that i have been able to give you some help .
 and i am looking forward to seeing you in the courts .
 and i am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 dear madam ,
 dear morgan ,
 i am writing a report which will describe you for the most important building of my town .
 i am writing a report , in which i will describe for you the most important building in my town .
 the most important building of the story is the , , thanks , thanksing housework .
 the most important building of biasco is the , , casa cavalier pellanda " .
 it is an old big house of a rich lord in the middle of the town .
 it is the big old house of a rich lord in the middle of the town .
 in this house there is a big museum , where you could know the past of heat .
 in this house there is a big museum , where you can learn about the history of biasco .
 under the museum there is a big dark place , where the wine is produced .
 under the museum there is a big dark place , where the wine is produced .
 your american students could learn how the , and , classical songs , " treatment is produced and why is that so famous in front of year .
 your american students could learn how the , , meriot ticinese " is produced and why it is so famous in tiano .
 i think that these suggestions could build your student then sets , with its , , fell east , microphones , " , is the middle of two en - operates and brushes - jitsu - mails - mails - and the middle of styles two similar but also different cultures .
 i think that these suggestions could interest your students . also biasco , with its , , casa cavalier pellanda " , is the middle point of two tailes - leventina and blenio - and the middle point of two similar but also different cultures too .
 i hope that these information will bring you to visit permission and its , house " .
 i hope that this information will encourage you to visit biasco and its , , house " .
 yours faithfully ,
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i am sorry to hear that the positive brown is n't well and hope he 'll get better soon . i am more happy than to give you the hi information .
 i am sorry to hear that richard brown is n't well and hope he 'll get better soon . i am more than happy to give you the necessary information .
 your group has been booked into hotel , which is only 0 inventions away from our college .
 your group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is only 0 miles away from our college .
 the college will arrange a mini to come and pick up every morning at 0:00 , so you can arrive to the college around 0 o'clock and have some time before the start at 0:00 .
 the college will arrange for a mini - bus to come and pick you up every morning at 0:00 , so you can arrive at the college around 0 o'clock and have some time before the conference starts at 0:00 .
 the reason we do n't suggest you to take a walk from your hotel is that you 'd have to walk through a large building which is not going to be suitable for a group of 00 students .
 the reason we do n't suggest you walk from your hotel is that you 'd have to walk through a large building site which is not going to be suitable for a group of 00 students .
 as you already know we are going to have the end - of profit party where the head of the college will give a small forest at the beginning , then it will be a buffet and a disco .
 as you already know , we are going to have an end - of - conference party where the head of the college will give a short speech at the beginning , then there will be a buffet and a disco .
 you do n't need to dress up , but please , make sure that your students do n't wear short or trainers .
 you do n't need to dress up smartly but please , make sure that your students do n't wear shorts or trainers .
 regarding what you could do in your free afternoon on the day you leave i would suggest you to take the students to our history years .
 regarding what you could do in your free afternoon on the day you leave i would suggest you take the students to our history museum .
 it 's not very big but it has got some amazing information about the history of our town and their people .
 it 's not very big but it has got some amazing information about the history of our town and their people .
 there is also a gift shop there , where your boys and girls can buy some statistical jealous for their families and friends .
 there is also a gift shop in there , where your boys and girls can buy some souvenirs for their families and friends .
 i hope i 've answered all your questions but if you need anymore information , please let me know .
 i hope i 've answered all your questions but if you need any more information , please let me know .
 i am looking forward to seeing you all soon .
 i am looking forward to seeing you all soon .
 best regards ,
 best regards ,
 to my personal opinion one of the most important and useful thing which has been invented in a car .
 in my personal opinion one of the most important and useful things which has been invented is the car .
 cars take a big part in our life .
 cars play a big part in our life .
 everywhere you look you can see cars .
 everywhere you look you can see cars .
 more and more people learn how to drive and choose to travel by car , because it saves a lot of time to travelling travelling travelling travelling from public transport .
 more and more people are learning how to drive and choosing to travel by car , because it saves a lot of time compared to travelling by public transport .
 cars are also more reliable than other types of transport .
 cars are also more reliable than other types of transport .
 you do n't have to wait on a bus stop on a cold and windy weather for a late bus , or being stuck on a train for an hour due to some hours , you can just into a car , your radio break and rented a shower company you have rented to get a piece of your taste to do your financial item .
 you do n't have to wait at a bus stop in cold and windy weather for a late bus , or be stuck on a train for an hour due to some track repairs . you can just jump into a car , tune your radio to your favourite station and have a pleasant drive to your destination .
 cars are even more important for emergency situations such as fire in a house or if somebody is wet ill .
 cars are even more important for emergency situations such as a fire in a house or if somebody is critically ill .
 could you imagine if our police , doctors or fire - had to get somewhere quickly on foot ?
 could you imagine if our police , doctors or fire - fighters had to get somewhere quickly on foot ?
 i do n't think i need to comment on this .
 i do n't think i need to comment on this .
 from my personal experience i realised how it 's important to drive a car when i was living in south world in south africa south africa .
 from my personal experience i realised how it 's important to drive a car when i was living in johanesburg in south africa .
 i arrived there with my family when my daughter was only 0 months old and i could n't drive at that time .
 i arrived there with my family when my daughter was only 0 months old and i could n't drive at that time .
 fortunately biko is a very dangerous place to live .
 johanesburg is a very dangerous place to live .
 i could n't just go for a walk , it was too dangerous .
 i could n't just go for a walk , it was too dangerous .
 there was no public transport and i had to stay in the complex where we lived most of the time , and relay on other people to take me to a shop or doctors or the anywhere else .
 there was no public transport and i had to stay in the complex where we lived most of the time , and rely on other people to take me to a shop or the doctors or anywhere else .
 there i soon realised that i had to learn how to drive if i wanted a quality life for my daughter and myself .
 there i soon realised that i had to learn how to drive if i wanted some quality of life for my daughter and myself .
 since i spent my driving i can not understand how i used to live without a car before .
 since i passed my driving test i can not understand how i used to live without a car before .
 i use my car every day everywhere i go and i abolutely it !
 i use my car every day everywhere i go and i absolutely love it !
 00th june 0000
 00th june 0000
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to give you some information about the international student 's student .
 i am writing to give you some information about an international student conference .
 first of all , the hotel which the group has been booked to is the hotel .
 first of all , the hotel which the group has been booked into is the princes hotel .
 it is very near japanese station , which you can get there easily .
 it is very near york railway station , from which you can get there easily .
 by peace : get off at york and you can walk from the station left left and the hotel is on your left hand hand hand hand hand .
 by rail : get off at york station and you can walk from the station . turn left and the hotel is on your left - hand side .
 by bus : most of the buses in the city centre passes the station , or you can take a taxi .
 by bus : most of the buses in york city centre pass the station , or you can take a taxi .
 secondly , the reason is very important event for all of us , we agreed to wear formal dresses .
 secondly , the conference is a very important event for all of us . we agree to wear formal dress .
 for example , men should wear suits , robbers and the so on .
 for example , men should wear suits , ties and so on .
 in addition , at the end - of - word party , we also have a country show .
 in addition , at the end - of - conference party , we also have a country dancing show .
 it could be very special because all the dancers are from our group .
 it could be very special because all the dancers are from our group .
 finally , on the last day we have an afternoon free .
 finally , on the last day we have an afternoon free .
 it would be great if we could go for a walk around the city of york and visiting the redecoration buildings .
 it would be great if we could go for a walk around the city of york and visit the historic buildings .
 if you could think of any other ideas it would be very kind of you . i would be grateful if my idea and all the information could help you .
 if you could think of any other ideas that would be very kind of you . i will be pleased if my idea and all this information can help you .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 inventions have affected all our lives !
 inventions have affected all our lives !
 nowadays , a lot of things are invented and make our lives are more convenient than those days .
 nowadays , a lot of things are invented and make our lives more convenient than in the old days .
 a car is one of the invention which is very useful .
 a car is one of the inventions which are very useful .
 i think a car is very important to me because it 's very convenient for everyday life .
 i think a car is very important to me because it 's very convenient for everyday life .
 for example , i can travel to many places in the u.k. , i live in front - on the hill - shirt ( a village nearing into spain ) .
 for example , i can travel to a lot of places in the u.k. especially since i live in whitwell - on - the - hill ( a village near malton in north yorkshire ) .
 can you imagine if i did n't get a car how could i go shopping , go to college and so on ?
 can you imagine how i could go shopping , go to college and so on if i had n't got a car ?
 in fact , there are buses ( number and 000 ) which go my village but the bus is very expensive for me .
 in fact , there are buses ( number 000 and 000 ) which go past my village but the bus fares are very expensive for me .
 apart from that it takes long time to go somewhere somewhere .
 apart from that it takes a long time to go somewhere .
 the car has a fax affected my own life .
 the car has significantly affected my life .
 i can go anywhere by car a lot than use public transport .
 i can go anywhere by car a lot quicker than by using public transport .
 i can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to the music , which i brought some cases with me with me from thailand .
 i can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to thai music , as i brought some cassettes with me from thailand .
 i took a car driving build tests last mad and i passed it and i will take a shower test test test very soon .
 i took a driving - theory test last october and i passed it and i will take a practical driving test very soon .
 i think i have to drive the car myself , so that it will know more about the advantages of using the car .
 i think i have to drive the car myself , so that i will know more about the advantages of using a car .
 in conclusion , i think car is very important to me and it has affected my own life .
 in conclusion , i think a car is very important to me and it has affected my own life .
 if i have more money i will buy another car . i think it will have more advantages than disadvantages .
 if i had more money i would buy another car . i think it has more advantages than disadvantages .
 so , we should say many thanks to the person who invented a car !
 so , we should say many thanks to the person who invented the car !
 dear mrs smith
 dear mrs smith
 it was such a pleasure to receive your letter , and we will be extremely glad to see you in the phone , we have been organising .
 it was such a pleasure to receive your letter , and we will be extremely glad to see you at the conference we have been organising .
 let me give you some further information concerning the event .
 let me give you some further information concerning the event .
 firstly i would like to inform you about the hotel we have already booked booked for you .
 firstly i would like to inform you about the hotel we have already booked for you .
 is called a shower , and we hope that is going to satisfy your expect .
 it is called the palace hotel , and we hope that it is going to meet your expectations .
 the phone is not too far from your hotel .
 the conference is not too far from your hotel .
 i strongly planning to use the public transportation in order to get there , cause you may find other types of transportation quite expensive .
 i strongly recommend you to use public transport in order to get there , because you may find other types of transportation quite expensive .
 moreover , you must be aware of the fact that the eye is going to last two hours , until 00:00 pm .
 moreover , you must be aware of the fact that the conference is going to last two hours , until 00:00 pm .
 after that our college has organised a jiu night , with traditional local music , which you must not miss them .
 after that our college has organised a barbecue night , with traditional local music that you must not miss .
 you do n't need to wear formal clothes .
 you do n't need to wear formal clothes .
 just every day every day .
 just everyday clothes .
 finally , i am aware of the fact that the last day you have some hours free before you catch your plane .
 finally , i am aware of the fact that on the last day you have some hours free before you catch your plane .
 do n't miss the chance to visit our famous gym attractions .
 do n't miss the chance to visit our famous tourist attractions .
 there is also huge shop centre , where you can buy some souvenirs or some of our traditional food .
 there is also a huge shopping centre where you can buy some souvenirs or taste some of our traditional food .
 i hope that you will find my information help .
 i hope that you will find my information helpful .
 i am looking forward to seeing you
 i am looking forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 the hy page
 the historical museum
 welcome to madonna !
 welcome to athens ! !
 without any doubt , a peaceful - air place which provides states it 's visitors with the opportunity to discover different aspects of the history of the centuries of depth .
 without any doubt , it is a historical place which provides its visitors with the opportunity to discover different aspects of greek history during the passing of the centuries .
 do n't miss the chance to visit the lemon and the administration bar , located in the heart of the capital city .
 do n't miss the chance to visit the historical museum , located in the heart of the capital city .
 a traditional building which was built at the beginning of the century .
 a traditional building which was built at the beginning of the century .
 the awful thing is simply a east , a proof of what greek have always considered as principal : their freedom .
 the historical museum is simply a symbol , a proof of what the greeks have always considered as a fundamental principle : their freedom .
 there are five different floors , each of them presents a different japanese period period of history , starting , starting from the period before the birth of being into the middle and entertainment to the revolution of 0000 .
 there are five different floors , each of them presents a different chronological period of greek history , starting from the period before the birth of jesus and concluding with the revolution of 0000 .
 the museum provides the arrival with the opportunity to see original dissatisfaction , famous , having as main subject the revolution of 0000 , and aspects of the mess that has always considered being considered part of history history history history history .
 the museum provides the visitor with the opportunity to see original pieces of writing , famous paintings having as their main subject the revolution of 0000 , and aspects of the greek religion that have always been considered to be a vital part of greek history .
 there is a small amount of money that visitors should pay for entry .
 there is a small entry fee .
 inside the museum there is bookshop having a large variety of hyamb , patience etc .
 inside the museum there is a bookshop with a large variety of historical books , maps etc .
 if you really want to discover what greek means , we strongly recommend you to visit the scenery 's volleyball ! ! ! ! !
 if you really want to discover what greek history means , we strongly recommend you to visit the historical museum ! ! !
 dear maria smith ,
 dear maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter and i will try to help you .
 thank you for your letter and i will try to help you .
 i will remind you that the international student will be the next month on the first of july .
 i must remind you that the international student conference will be next month on the first of july .
 the hotel that we booked was the lighting hotel , which is near the station .
 the hotel that we booked is the palace hotel , which is near the bus station .
 when you are in the bus station you will catch the bus number of march , which will go to the town centre .
 when you are in the bus station you will catch bus number 00 , which will go to the town centre .
 from there you will walk until college because it is easier to get there than to get with another bus .
 from there you will walk to the college because it is easier to get there that way than to get another bus .
 anyway the college is the first road on your right from town .
 anyway the college is the first road on your right from the town centre .
 after the reason some drink and food will be available in the sports - center , which is well for discos a party .
 after the conference some food and drink will be available in the sports centre , which is well equipped for discos .
 our party has a special subject ' a math ' .
 our party has a special theme : ' western ' .
 so we suggest going to wear a special clothes .
 so we suggest wearing cowboy - style clothes .
 on your last day you could go to the sport - microwaves which is depressed and famous around the world or only go for a walk around - park park .
 on your last day you could go to the sports museum , which is great and famous around the world , or just go for a walk around reconvillier park .
 i hope that i had answer all of your question and that the development will be grateful .
 i hope that i have answered all of your questions and that the conference will be great .
 yours sincerely .
 yours sincerely .
 from :
 from :
 to : the group leader
 to : the group leader
 subject : old roman school .
 subject : old roman school .
 introduction : i am writing to tell you about the location , the architecture and the story of the old roman school from court . i hope that you will get there with your group because it has a lot of beautiful things to see it .
 introduction : i am writing to describe the location and architecture for you and tell the story of the old roman school of courtelary . i hope that you will go there with your group because it has a lot of beautiful things to see .
 it is the unique old roman school in the world .
 it is the only old roman school in the world .
 obviously : the middle is situated in switzerland and the school is on the top of the town 's hill .
 location : courtelary is situated in switzerland and the school is on the top of the town 's hill .
 this place is very important because it is there that an suspicious had ever up .
 this place is very important because it is there that an emperor grew up .
 architecture : it is a typical from this plane 's photos with beautiful draw on the wall and first kind of writing in the sport centre .
 architecture : it is a typical from this epoch with beautiful drawing on the wall and first kind of writing in the sports centre .
 the door is enormous because for them entry was the most important .
 the door is enormous because for them the entrance was very important .
 history : all began when a peaceful - mail said that roman need to go at school .
 history : it all began when ogus micius said that romans needed to go to school .
 they decided to build more school , especially in switzerland because people were consider un .
 they decided to build more schools , especially in switzerland because the people there were considered clever .
 during the second world war all school were hundreds only our fact is left .
 during the second world war all the schools were demolished and only ours is left .
 conclusion : i gave you a lot of reason to get in this building and i hope you will enjoy your trip in my town .
 conclusion : i have given you a lot of reasons to go to this building and i hope you will enjoy your trip to my town .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 thank you for your letter .
 i am writing to answer our question .
 i am writing to answer your question .
 firstly , i already have booked a break for students .
 firstly , i have already booked the palace hotel for the students .
 there is the hotel near my college .
 that is the hotel near my college .
 it takes five minutes to get my college by walking .
 it takes five minutes to get to my college on foot .
 i will copy the map around college .
 i will copy the map around the college .
 secondly , i will tell you about the end - of - incredible party .
 secondly , i will tell you about the end - of - conference party .
 it will start at six o'clock .
 it will start at six o'clock .
 the party will be held in the dinning room .
 the party will be held in the dining room .
 people who will attend the party are many customers , and hundreds , cables - day and lighter .
 the people who will attend the party include many professors , semi - professors and faculties .
 so i suggest that the students should wear formal clothes .
 so i suggest that the students should wear formal clothes .
 finally , i will give you some ideas for the afternoon free time .
 finally , i will give you some ideas for an afternoon free time .
 the city in which there is my college is traditional traditional in my country .
 the city in which there is my college is traditional in my country .
 for example , there are many patience , cables , and played .
 for example , there are many shrines , temples , and castles .
 i suggest that you should visit these places .
 i suggest that you should visit these places .
 you will have a good time .
 you will have a good time .
 in addition , there are many other colleagues .
 in addition , there are many other colleges .
 you will be able to see many japanese students .
 you will be able to meet many japanese students .
 i am looking forward to seeing you in the courts .
 i am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
 if you would like to gain more information , you will ask me every time .
 if you would like to get more information , you will ask me every time .
 yours sincerely .
 yours sincerely .
 i suggest that you should visit one building .
 i suggest that you should visit one building .
 my town is the capital of japan .
 my town is the capital of japan .
 so there are many higher buildings .
 so there are many tall buildings .
 i think it is like new york .
 i think it is like new york .
 however , i have only one building which i want you to visit .
 however , there is only one building which i want you to visit .
 the name of the building is 'cause 00 ' .
 the name of the building is ' sunshine 00 ' .
 this is the highest building in tokyo . i recommend to visit .
 this is the tallest building in tokyo . i recommend visiting it .
 i have three reasons for my recommendation .
 i have three reasons for my recommendation .
 firstly , there is the acquaintance in the building .
 firstly , there is the aquarium in the building .
 in addition , this is the 00th floor , i went there first time i could n't believe it .
 in addition , there is the 00th floor . when i went there the first time i could n't believe it .
 secondly , if you visit there , you will see anywhere in tokyo .
 secondly , if you go there , you will see everything in tokyo .
 the portrayal of tokyo is not beautiful , but you think that this city is a developing place .
 the view of tokyo is not beautiful , but you will think that this city is a developing place .
 on the other hand you may think what a small city is that is !
 on the other hand you may be surprised at what a small city it is ! !
 finally , there are many shops inside the building . you will have a good time for shopping .
 finally , there are many shops inside the building . you will have a good time shopping .
 i hope when you visit , you will be the favourite place .
 i hope when you visit you will be favourite place .
 you should visit there .
 you should go there .
 00.00.0000
 00.00.0000
 dear mrs smith , thank you for your letter of asking for my help to the courts .
 dear mrs smith , thank you for your letter asking for my help with the conference .
 i would like to help you with my best .
 i would like to do my best to help you .
 firstly , a shower has been booked for the group of accommodation and i spoke with the hotel manager for travelling to the management to the management .
 firstly , palace hotel has been booked for the group 's accommodation and i spoke with the hotel manager about travelling to the conference .
 the hotel has their own buses , they will pick us from hotel to the middle .
 the hotel has its own buses , they will take us from the hotel to the conference saloon .
 secondly , i would like to tell more about the end - of various party . i booked a hotel 's restaurant for our party and it is big enough for your students .
 secondly , i would like to tell you more about the end - of - conference party . i booked the palace hotel 's restaurant for our party and it is big enough for your students .
 it is going to be very lovely and enjoyable because i have lots of surprises for students .
 it is going to be very lovely and enjoyable because i have lots of surprises for the students .
 in addition , i suggest that they should wear an permanent and comfortable clothes .
 in addition , i suggest that they should wear sporty and comfortable clothes .
 finally , you would like to know some activities for the three hours free time .
 finally , you would like to know about some activities for three hours of free time .
 i think you can go to the ' peace ' .
 i think you can go to the ' dreamland ' .
 in this place there is video games , some little competitions and small zoo available .
 in this place there are video games , some little competitions and a small zoo available .
 students can enjoy their time in this place and it is on the way of the airport .
 students can enjoy their time in this place and it is on the way to the airport .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 to : american students group leader
 to : american students ' group leader
 from : ...
 from : ...
 re : information on an interesting building to visit .
 re : information on an interesting building to visit
 introduction
 introduction
 here is my report for american students who want information in an interesting building to visit into the middle .
 here is my report for american students who want information on an interesting building to visit in ankara .
 i would like to describe ' an operation ' .
 i would like to describe ' anitkabir '
 findings
 findings
 0 . this building 's name is ' is an entertainment ' and it is the biggest building in argentina .
 0 . this building 's name is ' anitkabir ' and it is the biggest building in ankara .
 it built in 0000 .
 it was built in 0000 .
 it is placed in the middle of the forest .
 it is located in the middle of the forest .
 there is different kinds of bird and different kinds of trees .
 there are different kinds of birds and different kinds of trees present .
 0 .
 0 .
 it has very big museum inside the building and all building made from ever .
 there is a very big museum inside the building and all the building is made from stone .
 0 . this building 's security , are very special entertainment .
 0 . this building 's security guards are very special soldiers .
 their aim is to protect the building from the enemies because there is also very big pollution available .
 their aim is to protect the building from enemies because there is also a very big army museum available .
 0 .
 0 .
 it has no charge for entrance and it has a good view for tourists to see a hill forest .
 there is no charge for entrance and it has a good view for tourists to see ankara from the hill .
 it opens at 0.00 am to 0.00 pm
 it opens from 0.00 am to 0.00 pm .
 recommendations
 recommendations
 i recommend that it is the best building in front to visit because it includes all history and very good intention seeing .
 i think that it is the best building in ankara to visit because it includes turkish history and very good sightseeing .
 dear mrs. smith ,
 dear mrs. smith ,
 i am writing in reply to your letter about the behaviour student 's student .
 i am writing in reply to your letter about the international student conference .
 the hotel which we had reserved for your group is the microphones .
 the hotel which we have reserved for your group is the palace hotel .
 it is not far from our college , taking 00 minutes by car .
 it is not far from our college , taking 00 minutes by car .
 it would be a good idea to take a taxi from the hotel to the college because the total members of your group are 0 and a total job would not be expensive .
 it would be a good idea to take a taxi from the hotel to the college because the total number of members in your group is 0 and a taxi fare would not be expensive .
 there is a taxi cure to the hotel .
 there is a taxi rank opposite the hotel .
 regarding the end - of - year , thursday on , it starts at 0 p.m. in the garden of college college .
 regarding the end - of - conference party on thursday , it starts at 0 p.m. in the garden of the college .
 you can wear far dresses or fancy ones because we have a fancy - dress competition and the job is a bottle of french manners .
 you can wear either casual dress or fancy dress because we are having a fancy - dress competition and the prize is a bottle of french champagne .
 on friday afternoon , it has set to be free time .
 on friday afternoon , it has set to be some free time .
 therefore , you can go shopping in the town centre , which is near college .
 therefore , you can go shopping in the town centre , which is near the college .
 many beautiful and traditional souvenirs can be found there .
 many beautiful and traditional souvenirs can be found there .
 the other suggestion is going to the flower market where is very famous for tourists because it covers 0 buildings and there are plenty of flowers to buy .
 the other suggestion is going to the flower market , which is very famous for tourists because it covers 0 acres and there are plenty of flowers to buy .
 moreover , it is the biggest flower in this area .
 moreover , it is the biggest flower market in this area .
 i look forward to meeting you soon and hope you have a safe journey .
 i look forward to meeting you soon and hope you have a safe journey .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 invented light
 invented light
 there are many light in this world such as sunlight , latex , cups , light bulb .
 there are many sources of light in this world , such as sunlight , moonlight and candlelight .
 some of them are natural whereas others are not .
 some of them are natural whereas the others are not .
 owing to increase the distances of light for more activities , the natural appearance is not sufficient .
 owing to an increasing demand for light , for more activities , the natural source is not adequate .
 there , electric light has invented .
 therefore , electric light was invented .
 nowadays , the electric light has been becoming part of our lives , especially during the night .
 nowadays , the electric light has become part of our lives , especially during the night .
 whatever we do at night , we need the electric light .
 whatever we do at night , we need electric light .
 have you ever surf how this world would be if there was no electric light ?
 have you ever imagined how this world would be if there was no electric light ?
 it must have been a big impact on industry , agriculture and our lifestyle .
 it must have made a big impact on industry , agriculture and our lifestyle .
 think about when the electricity in your house got a short - .
 think about when the electricity in your house got short circuited .
 do you feel uncomfortable ?
 did you feel uncomfortable ?
 could you do anything lighter without light ?
 could you do anything much without light ?
 in addition , the electric light is the amount of other electric equipment and they have become an important part of our life , too .
 in addition , the electric light is the manuscript of other electric equipment and they have become an important part of our life , too .
 i think we should be grateful that we have got the electric light for our lifestyle .
 i think we should be grateful that we have got the electric light for comforting our lifestyle .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i was very pleased to receive your letter .
 i was very pleased to receive your letter .
 it is my pleasure to help you organising the international student 's licence .
 it is my pleasure to help you with organising the international student conference .
 firstly , for your information , the group has been booked in the middle hotel , which is located on the town centre .
 firstly , for your information , the group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is located in the town centre .
 students can take the airport bus to the hotel when you arrive .
 students can take the airport bus directly to the hotel when you arrive .
 and the best way to get from there to the development is to coach , as there are about 00 buildings , they are all the band here .
 and the best way to get from there to the conference is by coach , as there are about 00 international students , and they are all strangers here .
 therefore it is no good taking a bus .
 therefore it is no good taking a bus .
 i will help you to book the coach .
 i will help you to book the coach .
 secondly , the end - of - year will be held at college main hall , at 0:00 pm to 00:00 pm on 00th june .
 secondly , the end - of - conference party will be held at the college 's main hall , from 0:00 pm to 00:00 pm on 00th june .
 there will be various kinds of food and drinks provided .
 there will be various kinds of food and drinks provided .
 moreover , students can danced and enjoy different sorts of music , for instance , rock , jazz , pop , garage , garage and so on .
 moreover , students can dance and enjoy different sorts of music , for instance , rock , jazz , pop , garage and so on .
 furthermore , i suggest you and the students wearing pub - regarding it , as it is suitable for refurbishment .
 furthermore , i suggest you and the students wear pub - wears to it , as they are suitable for dancing .
 finally , on the last day , i suggest you could go the market at the class during the 0- .
 finally , on the last day , i suggest you go to the market in town during the 0-hour gap .
 it is a nice place to buy the british style to your family and friends .
 it is a nice place to buy british - style gifts for your family and friends .
 you could also enjoy the tea at the telephone nearby .
 you could also enjoy the tea at the cafs nearby .
 i would be grateful to give any help if you need .
 i would be pleased to give any help you need .
 i am looking forward to seeing you .
 i am looking forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 from : 00.0
 from : genevieve chiu
 to : leader of american students
 to : the group leader of the american students
 subject : interesting building to visit on hong kong
 subject : interesting building to visit in hong kong
 visiting gard andre
 visiting po lin temple
 the purpose of this is to give information to the american students , in conclusion is worth - visited .
 the purpose of this is to give information to the american students describing po lin temple , which is worth visiting .
 0 .
 0 .
 brief history of meat 00.0 :
 brief history of po lin temple :
 it was found in 0000 .
 it was founded in 0000 .
 it is a traditional type of chinese project .
 it is a traditional type of chinese temple .
 because of the 0nd world war , it was re in 0000 .
 because of the 0nd world war , it was re - built in 0000 .
 a big peaceful news was built in 0000 just next to the ticket , which is the latest office into the world .
 a big buddha was built in 0000 just next to the temple , and it is the largest outdoor buddha in the world .
 0 . location :
 0 . location :
 the location of the computer is recommended in peace island , which is the second biggest island in the media .
 the location of po lin temple is on lotus island , which is the second biggest island in hong kong .
 0 .
 0 .
 opening and closing time :
 opening and closing time :
 synthetics , rod is opened to the 0:00 from 0:00 am to 0:00 pm on monday to friday , and 0:00 pm to 0:00 pm on saturday and sunday .
 po lin temple is open to the public from 0:00 am to 0:00 pm on monday to friday , and 0:00 am to 0:00 pm on saturday and sunday .
 0 . december
 0 . transport
 you could take the luckiest ( gorgeous ) straight to calm island or take the ferry to get there .
 you could take the mtr ( hk underground ) straight to lotus island or take the ferry to get there .
 then you need to take the bus treatment , a complaint or a treatment to break on friday .
 then you need to take the bus , an a000 , a000 or a000 , to po lin temple .
 it is quite convenient .
 it is quite convenient .
 all the buses and have polluted air - condition .
 all the buses and the mtr have air - conditioning .
 0 .
 0 .
 attractive points :
 attractive points :
 you could go sightseeing around the recipes and take photos .
 you could go sightseeing around the temple and take photos .
 of course , you may get more knowledge about hong kong , as the crowd have been here for nearly 000 years .
 of course , you may acquire a greater knowledge of hong kong , as the temple has been here for nearly 000 years .
 the well - known big story you must n't miss it , or you will be sorry .
 you must n't miss the famous big buddha , or you will be sorry .
 the kitchen also provide free chinese traditional subjects for visitors .
 the temple also provides free chinese traditional - style meals for visitors .
 0 .
 0 .
 conclusion :
 conclusion :
 to sum up , i think the lighting is a nice place to visit , especially for example .
 to sum up , i think po lin temple is a nice place to visit , especially for americans students .
 easy to get there and free am easily .
 it is easy to get there and free admission .
 on the other hand , hong is known as a certain peasant forest , but you could find something different in the monuments of the ticket .
 on the other hand , hong kong is known as a highly commercial city , and you could find something different in po lin temple .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 first of all , i 'm sorry to hear that the innovations is ill .
 first of all i 'm sorry to hear that richard brown is ill .
 as you are the leader of a group instead of him , i 'm delighted to give all the information you asked for .
 as you are the leader of the group instead of him , i 'm delighted to give you all the information you have asked for .
 the job hotel has been booked for the group , and from there to the conferencing , we organized with the hotel ' bus bus service to take the student to the development .
 the palace hotel has been booked for the group , and , from there to the conference , we have organized the hotel 's bus service to take the students to the conference .
 we will meet at the rolling at 0.00 pm .
 we will meet in the lobby at 0.00 am .
 the fellow party will last at 0.00 am , but everybody do not need to stay until the end .
 the conference party will last until 0.00 am , but everybody does not need to stay until the end .
 there will be a bus taking students who do not need to stay at the party until the end .
 there will be a bus taking students who do not want to stay at the party until the end .
 the bus will be service at 0.00 pm and 00.00 pm then at the end of the party will be the last one .
 the bus will be service at 0.00 pm and 00.00 pm , then at the end of the party there will be the last one .
 everybody are free to dress for the party but being considering to be appropriate .
 everybody is free to dress for the party but consider what is appropriate .
 on the last day at madam , you could go to the ticket near the airport .
 on the last day at noon , you could go to the craft centre nearby the airport .
 there are lots of thing there you will enjoy watching or buying friends .
 there are lots of things there you will enjoy watching or buying for friends .
 if there is any information you need to know about the fame , please let me know .
 if there is any information you need to know about the conference , please let me know .
 i look forward to seeing you in the courts .
 i look forward to seeing you at the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 telephone my friendship
 telephone saved my friendship
 it 's very hard to decide which invention is the best .
 it 's very hard to decide which invention is the best .
 because all of them are so important in difference ways .
 because all of them are so important in different ways .
 as now i 'm being away from home , telephone is very important to me .
 as now i 'm away from home , the telephone is very important to me .
 having telephone i can call my mother , my friends which help me from home sick , not completely but i think it 's better than other ways .
 having a telephone i can call my mother and my friends , which prevents me from feeling homesick ; not completely but i think it 's better than other ways .
 to hear the voice from the person you love is the advertisement saying that hard to describe , it 's wonderful and so really , you can imagine their face .
 to hear the voice of the person you love is a feeling that is hard to describe ; it 's wonderful and so real . you can imagine their face clearly .
 i had a problem with my best friend once when we keep in front via e - mail .
 i had a problem with my best friend once when we kept in touch through e - mail .
 the problem is the language , we used english but we both were not very good at it by the time which made us to each other .
 the problem was the language . we used english but neither of us were very good at it at the time , which made us misunderstand each other .
 however , the problem resolved by a telephone .
 however , the problem was solved by a telephone .
 we are now still friends .
 we are now still friends .
 thanks to the invention of the telephone .
 thanks to the invention of the telephone .
 dear mrs smith
 dear mrs smith
 with reference to the information that you had requested , the hotel that had been booked is the holiday , in new york and to get to the university of which is not far from the hotel , you only need to take a thief , clearly friday problems where the paparazzi and moreover , which is the main student to come on the main fruits , you need to do the places , which you do the student , which you do the cinema of the places of the places of the places .
 with reference to the information that you have requested , the hotel that has been booked is the holiday inn , in new port and to get to the university of wales , which is not far from the hotel , you only need to take a diversion where clearly indicate carleon and once you are on the main road , all you need to do is to follow the country road which takes you directly to the place .
 concerning the party at the end of the fame , this will be formal there will need formal , as you know there will be a company , entertainment , managers etc .
 concerning the party at the end of the conference , this will be formal , therefore you will need formal clothing , as you know there will be company directors , managers etc there .
 as for the last day i suggest you take a visit to the ticket programme and the list 's castle .
 as for the last day , i would suggest you make a visit to the local museum and the ruins of the castle .
 in the programme you will find a very interesting chat of roman east , also you can visit another section which it lets it was a library .
 in the first you will find a very interesting collection of roman remains , also you can visit another section which is supposed to be a roman site .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 i always had consider myself was very look forward to be born in the century because all the microphones tells .
 i always had considered myself to be very lucky to be born in the century because of all the amazing human inventions .
 as an example let 's have a look and we will see this trip how it has developed .
 as an example let 's have a look and we will see this nation and how it has developed .
 we just need to think about the first world and all the inventions thanks to the industrial revolution of the industrial revolution to these day .
 we just need to think about the first world wold and all the inventions created thanks to the industrial revolution to this day .
 however , i feel that at the moment there should surely more gr to control this development because the industrial atmosphere that it has been created and it seems that its little what has been made at the moment in our development to our environment .
 however , i feel that at the moment there should emerge more groups to control this development because of the industrial pollution that has been created and it seems that it 's very little , what is being done at the moment in relation to our environment .
 i hope in the future there will be more and more people interested in this important solutions .
 i hope in the future there will be more and more people interested in this important issue .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i read your letters and i 'm ready to help you .
 i read your letters and i 'm ready to help you .
 i think that we have to think which hotel is better for students .
 i think that we have to think about which hotel is best for the students .
 i have an idea and i think that you will agree with me .
 i have an idea and i think that you will agree with me .
 i was thinking about the musicians because it 's very nice and cheap .
 i was thinking about the palace hotel because it 's very nice and cheap .
 it has comfortable winters and location for parties .
 it has comfortable bedrooms and a place for parties .
 you can book this hotel it 's the best and it 's near to believe it 's only 00 minutes by walk .
 you can book this hotel . it 's the best and it 's near to the conference . it 's only 00 minutes on foot .
 i think that it will be nice about the end - of profit party if you will invite somebody to sing and give to the student the time to enjoy the seaside and to dance .
 i think that it will be nice for the end - of - conference party if you invite somebody to sing and give the students the time to enjoy themselves and to dance .
 the party it will be nice .
 the party will be nice .
 the clothes now that they will wear it has to be smart , not how you are going to pay for example , nice casual , not with shoes or shirts - shirts .
 now the clothes that they will wear have to be smart , not the kind you would wear if you were going to a casino for example but nice casual , not with sports shoes or t - shirts .
 on the last day in the afternoon that you have three hours free you can go for coffee or to visit some places .
 on the last day in the afternoon when you have three hours free you can go for coffee or visit some places .
 those are my ideas for the basis .
 those are my ideas for the conference .
 i hope that you will like it .
 i hope that you will like them .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 today our article it will be about an inventions that we need in the accurate life .
 today our article will be about inventions that we need in our life .
 i think that all these things we need in our life because it can give us a lot of things .
 i think that we need all these things in our life because they can give us a lot of things .
 first of all , we need the telephone in our house because it 's important to call if you need something of something happened to your house and nobody is next to you .
 first of all we need the telephone in our house because it 's important to make a call if you need something or if something happens to your house and nobody is with you .
 the second thing is the lamp , the electricity that is very important in our life .
 the second one is the lamp , the electricity that is very important in our life .
 in the past the people did n't have a toaster and if they wanted for example to read or cook something they used to do in the fire .
 in the past people did n't have electricity and if they wanted , for example , to read or to cook something they used to light a fire .
 it 's important to have electricity because without this you ca n't do anything .
 it 's important to have electricity because without it you ca n't do anything .
 the other one is the television .
 the other one is the television .
 you must have tv because you can understand what it happened in the world and you can watch some places that you did n't go .
 you must have a tv because you can learn about what is happening in the world and you can see some places that you haven't been to .
 you can enjoy your time to watch a film if you have free time .
 you can enjoy watching a film if you have some free time .
 the boat it 's not so important but you can use it for fishing and to see some places .
 a boat is not so important but you can use one for fishing and to see some places .
 the car now is very important in our lives you can go wherever you want .
 the car is now very important in our life . you can go wherever you want .
 in this year the changes they have 0 cars in one family one person by one person .
 this year the families they have 0 cars in one family one by one person .
 for me the most important thing is the telephone because without this you ca n't do anything , it 's part of my life .
 for me the most important thing is the telephone because without this you ca n't do anything . it 's part of my life .
 dear maria smith ,
 dear maria smith ,
 first of all , the group has been booked into the hotel .
 first of all , the group has been booked into the palace hotel .
 it is a big hotel because there will be a lot of people .
 it is a big hotel because there will be a lot of people .
 it has a swimming pool and a nice bar .
 it has a swimming pool and a nice bar .
 the hotel is ten minutes far from the practical and there will be a bus available to go directly there .
 the hotel is ten minutes away from the conference centre and there will be a bus available to go directly over there .
 at the end of the planes , there will be a dinner in a luxurious restaurant so people must have nice clothes ; jean 's not allowed .
 at the end of the conference there will be a dinner in a luxurious restaurant , so people must have nice clothes ; jeans are not allowed .
 next to the restaurant , there is a disco for people who like dancing .
 next to the restaurant , there is a disco for people who like dancing .
 we can do a lot of things in my area .
 we can do a lot of things in my area .
 we have the opportunity to visit the old town , it 's very nice and there is a lot of shops .
 we have the opportunity to visit the old town . it 's very nice and there are a lot of shops .
 we can visit the old castle or the painting museum too .
 we can visit the old castle or the painting museum too .
 i find television the most important invention .
 i find television the most important invention .
 i think it 's good for old people because some of them can not go to the cinema anymore .
 i think it 's good for old people because some of them can not go to the cinema any more .
 on the one hand it 's because they do n't have enough money to pay for them 's hand because they ca n't move very well for example if they are causing .
 on the one hand that 's because they haven't enough money to pay for it and on the other hand it 's because they ca n't move very well , for example if they are disabled .
 with television , old people are less alone because most of old woman have not her husband anymore .
 with television , old people are less alone because most old women do n't have their husbands any more .
 television is a good way to be informed with the news .
 television is a good way to be informed about the news .
 i prefer being informed by television than by newspapers , it 's more relaxing .
 i prefer being informed by television than by newspapers ; it 's more relaxing .
 i think television is a good invention when they have free time and while they are watching television , we do n't have to look after them if we have something important thing to do .
 i think television is a good invention for children , for when they have free time . while they are watching television , we do n't have to look after them if we have something important to do .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i 'm very glad to be able to help you out with such an explanation .
 i 'm very glad to be able to help you out with such a situation .
 first of all , the group has been booked into ' the hotel ' .
 first of all , the group has been booked into ' the palace hotel ' .
 you wo n't have any problem to find the college because it 's in front of the hotel , and the executive will be there .
 you wo n't have any problem finding the college because it 's opposite the hotel , and the conference will be there .
 as you know , the show will start at 00:00 and it will finish at 00:00 , but we will have lunch at 00:00 at 00:00 at the college 's until 00:00 .
 as you know , the conference will start at 00:00 and it will finish at 00:00 , but we will have lunch altogether at 00:00 in the college 's hall until 00:00 .
 you 'll have to wear a white shirts and blue trousers , if you want you will be able to wear a blue jacket jacket jacket jacket .
 you 'll have to wear a white shirt and blue trousers . if you want you will be able to wear a blue jacket .
 when we had finished you 'll be able to enjoy yourself in our cinema or television , but if you prefer other things , we 've got a swimming pool and a library , it will your own choice .
 when we have finished you 'll be able to enjoy yourself in our cinema or television room , but if you prefer other things , we 've got a swimming pool and a library . it will be your own choice .
 i hope it was useful for you .
 i hope it was useful for you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 dear leader ,
 dear group leader ,
 in order to your request , i 'm going to give you some information about which is the best place to visit in this town , concerning holiday , an friday holiday .
 with regard to your request , i 'm going to give you some information about which is the best place to visit in this town , fuengirola .
 fu , rod has a wonderful and beautiful castle , which is right on the sea of whom .
 fuengirola has a wonderful and beautiful castle which is right on the seafront .
 it is placed on the top of a little hill which is part of the beach .
 it is situated on the top of a little hill which is part of the beach .
 you ca n't lose the chance to see this castle because it is an excellent shot and there are always a lot of people there and there are little shops where you can buy souvenirs .
 you should n't miss the chance to see this castle because there is an excellent view and there are always a lot of people there and there are little shops where you can buy souvenirs .
 at the same time you enjoy the castle you can take a campsite to go to the beach and you can look at the castle from the sea , it is also amazing .
 at the same time you are enjoying the castle you can take a break to go to the beach and you can look at the castle from the sea . that is also amazing .
 also , there is a museum of history inside .
 also , there is a museum of history inside .
 as you see , you have to visit the castle , you wo n't feel regret regret about it .
 as you will see , you have to visit the castle . you wo n't feel regret about that .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to answer your letter where you asked for the information about the administration and other points in connection with .
 i am writing to answer your letter where you asked for information about the conference and other points in relation to it .
 the hotel where your group has been booked is the necessary .
 the hotel where your group has been booked is the palace hotel .
 it is a very nice hotel in the centre of the city , and that is very near to the college , which is into five minutes walking .
 it is a very nice hotel in the centre of the city , and that is very near to the college where the conference is being held - five minutes ' walk .
 going walking is quicker than waiting for a taxi or a bus .
 walking is quicker than waiting for a taxi or a bus .
 when you arrive to the colleagues there will be people from the way to the dressing room .
 when you arrive at the colleges there will be people indicating the way to the conference room .
 at the end of the basis we are doing a party with some cold good and some drinks .
 at the end of the conference we are throwing a party with some cold food and some drinks .
 there will be music as well for dancing .
 there will be music as well for dancing .
 the director of the college has suggested to wear smart clothes for that occasion and i give you the same advice .
 the director of the college has suggested wearing smart clothes for that occasion and i give you the same advice .
 about the afternoon before leaving i have some suggestions .
 i have some suggestions regarding the afternoon before you leave .
 in the area of the hotel there are two interesting places to visit .
 in the vicinity of the hotel there are two interesting places to visit .
 one is the picasso museum and the other is an important gallery where you can enjoy seeing different kinds of paintings .
 one is the picasso museum and the other is an important gallery where you can enjoy seeing different kinds of paintings .
 i hope my information can help you and it has been useful for you .
 i hope my information will help you and it has been useful for you .
 i am looking forwards to seeing you in the courts .
 i am looking forwards to seeing you at the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 there is an invention that i think that has been very important : the computer .
 there is an invention that i think has been very important : the computer .
 the computer is very useful and it has affect our own lives , in different research .
 the computer is very useful and it has affected our own lives in different ways .
 the computer has done a lot of works .
 the computer has made a lot of jobs easier .
 for works that you needed , for example , for example three hours you can do them in ten minutes ; the same !
 jobs that you needed , for example , three hours for you can do in ten minutes ; the same !
 but computers do n't have affected only in a good way because thank you for computers the number of the places of work for the people is lie .
 but computers haven't only affected us in a good way because thanks to computers the number the jobs available for people is smaller .
 but , definitely definitely they has been a very important invention .
 but they have definitely been a very important invention .
 the last relates relates of computers is the internet .
 the last relationed with computers is the internet .
 by the internet you can communicate with people of different places of the world at the same moment .
 with the internet you can communicate with people in different places of the world at the same moment .
 and you can take lots of information about a lot of things .
 and you can get lots of information about a lot of things .
 everything that you need you can find it on the internet .
 you can find everything that you need on the internet .
 nowadays the computer is very development and it is increasing .
 nowadays computers are very advanced and they are increasing .
 what will be the next ?
 what will be next ?
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i have received your letter and i am glad i can help you .
 i have received your letter and i am glad i can help you .
 you have been booked to stay in the telephone hotel , which is a very pleasant hotel not far far away from here .
 you have been booked to stay in the palace hotel , which is a very pleasant hotel not far away from here .
 the best way to get here is ; once you have gone out of the hotel , turn right , then follow the signs to the hospital , because it is just by our college .
 the best way to get here is : once you go out of the hotel , turn right , then follow the signs to the hospital , because it is just beside our college .
 when you are in the college ask for me .
 when you are in the college , ask for me .
 the language will take one hour , and , at 0 o'clock will start , it is a formal party and you should wear formal of staff .
 the conference will last one hour , and , at 0 o'clock the party will start . it is a formal party and you should wear formal clothes .
 the dress is why : no jeans .
 the dress code is no jeans .
 we will prove you with food and drinks .
 we will provide you with food and drinks .
 for your free hours i have quite a few ideas .
 for your free time i have quite a few ideas .
 there are lots of things to do here .
 there are lots of things to do here .
 we have got a museum which is just at two minutes from your hotel .
 we have got a museum which is just two minutes from your hotel .
 you can also go to a nearby park and eat something in the caf .
 you can also go to a nearby park and eat something in the caf .
 if you go to the main street you will find a street full of shops and i am sure the students would like that .
 if you go to the main street you will find a street full of shops and i am sure the students would like that .
 i hope this information will be helpful .
 i hope this information will be helpful .
 if you have any other questions , please , do contact me .
 if you have any other questions , please , do contact me .
 looking forward to seeing you soon .
 i 'm looking forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 the mobile phone
 the mobile phone
 the mobile phone has completely changed our lives , it is an instrument which i can not imagine myself living without life .
 the mobile phone has completely changed our lives , it is an instrument which i can not imagine myself living without .
 apart from being in fashion it is also a very helpful machine .
 apart from being in fashion , it is also a very helpful machine .
 do you remember that day when you got stuck in the middle of the road with your car , which would n't work ?
 do you remember that day when you got stuck in the middle of the road with your car which would n't work ?
 what would you have done in that moment without a mobile phone ?
 what would you have done at that moment without a mobile phone ?
 you were at home in less than ten minutes just because you had a mobile phone with you , amazing , is n't it ?
 you were at home in less than ten minutes just because you had a mobile phone with you , amazing , is n't it ?
 nowadays , everyone has a mobile phone .
 nowadays , everyone has a mobile phone .
 i am fifteen years old and everybody in my year has got a mobile phone .
 i am fifteen years old and everybody in my year has got a mobile phone .
 five years ago you would n't have even thought about it .
 five years ago you would n't have even thought about it .
 it has been a plus for me .
 it has been a plus for me .
 for example , now my parents allow me to go to more places just because i have my mobile with me , and , sending opening it is an that everyone is affected which every teenagers is obsessed with .
 for example , now my parents allow me to go to more places just because i have my mobile with me , and , sending text messages is an addiction which every teenager is obsessed with .
 all over , the invention of this little excitement is a big plus for everyone .
 all in all , the invention of this little device is a big plus for everyone .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to inform you that i have received a letter from you to help you organise an international student in my college .
 i am writing to inform you that i have received a letter from you about helping you to organise an international student conference in my college .
 your group has been booked into the ticket , which is not very far from my college .
 your group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is not very far from my college .
 however , due to the performances and delay near the hotel , the best way to get there to the development is by underground , and perhaps street station .
 however , due to the congestion and delays near the hotel , the best way to get from there to the conference is on the underground , from victoria street station .
 you would arrive at the other station my college in august 00 minutes .
 you will arrive at the other station opposite my college in approximately 00 minutes .
 at the end - of - year parties , you may either leave the party or stay in the college for more activities .
 at the end - of - conference party , you may either leave the party or stay in the college for more activities .
 all different types of clothing could be beautiful , however , the above and t - shirts would be common on that day .
 different types of clothing can be worn . however , jean wears and t - shirts will be common on that day .
 instead staying in the hotel for the last three hours , i suggest that you could perhaps visiting our town centre .
 instead of staying in the hotel for the last three hours , i suggest that you perhaps visit our town centre .
 the popular attractions in our town , including the art gallery , museum , senior , daniela , could be found near our country of our town , the telephone bridge ,
 the popular attractions in our town , including the art gallery , museum , aquarium , and market square , can be found near the monument of our town , the saltisy bridge .
 i am looking forward to seeing you soon .
 i am looking forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 the little wood shopping mall
 the little woods shopping mall
 location
 location
 the little woods shopping mall is an idea for you and your group to visit .
 the little woods shopping mall is an ideal place for you and your group to visit .
 it is located very close to the town centre next to the town .
 it is located very close to the town centre next to the town museum .
 it can be a peaceful by nearby train .
 it can be accessed by the nearby train station .
 facilities
 facilities
 for those students who are very interested in shopping , clothes shops , cosmetics , book shops , fashion and beauty and many features and many more are available .
 for those students who are very interested in shopping , clothes shops , jewellery , stationery , bookshops , fashion and beauty departments and many more are available .
 for those who want something more exciting and relaxed , you are recommend to visit the fun and bones community on the top of the building of the building .
 for those who want something more exciting and adventurous , you are recommended to visit the fun fair and amusement arcade on the top floor of the building .
 other facilities such as cinemas , cd , department stores could also be found .
 other facilities such as cinemas , theatres , and large department stores can also be found there .
 there is a little boat for tourists and a special discount for tourists from a car to enter the car park .
 there is a little souvenir shop for tourists and a special discount for tourists from abroad who want to use the car park .
 conclusion
 conclusion
 not only the precise information centre would provide the information you might need , you can also visit the ticket , which allows you to access anything you want to know from computers .
 not only will the tourist information centre provide any information you might need , you can also visit the ict block , which allows you to access onto anything you want to know from the computers .
 a special trip could also be organized .
 a special trip could also be organized .
 dear marie ,
 dear marie ,
 i am writing in connection with your letter about the international student .
 i am writing in connection with your letter about the international student conference .
 i appreciate it if i can offer you my help .
 i appreciate if i can offer you my help .
 i would like to give you necessary details , which can help you organise the courts .
 i would like to give you the necessary details , which will help you to organise the conference .
 yeah brown booked the hotel for the students , which is a very comfortable and close to our college .
 richard brown booked the palace hotel for the students , which is very comfortable and close to our college .
 you need only 0 minutes by walking to catch the college .
 you need only spend 0 minutes walking to get to the college .
 after strongly we are planning to organise a big party with barbecue .
 after the conference we are planning to organise a big party with a barbecue .
 the party will take place on forest close to camping place .
 the party will take place in a forest close to a campsite .
 i hope we will have a nice weather .
 i hope we will have nice weather .
 therefore , i suggest to wear some casual clothes .
 therefore , i suggest wearing casual clothes .
 on the last day an afternoon if you have some free time i would recommend you visiting a very famous famous of an musician - day .
 on the afternoon of the last day , if you have some free time , i would recommend you visit a very famous exhibition of leonardo devinci .
 the task will take place on " light , museum " , which you can find on the cambridge , microphones street 0 .
 the exhibition will take place at the " gribaldi museum " , which you can find on crariden street , n 0 .
 you will never drift about my suggestion .
 you will never regret about my suggestion .
 if you need more information let me work .
 if you need more information let me know .
 best regards ,
 best regards ,
 report on the building at the wet amount .
 report on the building at berkeley square .
 in order to prepare this report i visited the business college and interviewed some students , i asked them only one question " which building you find more beautiful and more interesting in our city ? "
 in order to prepare this report i visited the business college and interviewed some students , i asked them only one question : " which building do you find most beautiful and most interesting in our city ? "
 the students , who were caroline said that there are a lot of interesting buildings in our city .
 the students who were questioned said that there are a lot of interesting buildings in our city .
 however , the majority of people point out one a very old building , which you can find on a wet age .
 however , the majority of people point out one very old building , which you can find at barkeley square .
 most of the students found this building very particular , because it includes our history , tradition and culture .
 most of the students found this building very special , because it reflects our history , tradition and culture .
 if you visit the building , you will get impression , feeling , that you are in past .
 if you visit the building , you will get the impression , the feeling , that you are in the past .
 this building captures a lot of people , because it has a very particular deal with a flash , entertainment windows windows .
 this building attracts a lot of people - because it has a very special style with majestic , antique windows .
 in addition , i also visited this place - and i was very impressed .
 in addition , i also visited this place - and i was very impressed .
 finally i would recommend you visited an passion area .
 finally i would recommend you visit the barkely square area .
 in this area you could also find another different buildings , which would you attract .
 in this area you can also find other different buildings , which would you attract .
 report on the group leader
 report by the group leader
 from
 from
 00.00.00
 00.00.00
 dear maria ,
 dear maria ,
 i 've received your letter asking me for further information about the conferencing that you going to organise very soon , here is a little help for it .
 i 've received your letter asking me for further information about the conference that you are going to organise very soon . here you have a little help for it .
 at first , i 'd like to tell you that the hotel where you go to is " the fifteenth hotel " , which is situated at the centre of the town .
 first , i 'd like to tell you that the hotel where you are going to stay is " the palace hotel " , which is situated at the centre of the town .
 it ca n't be difficult to find , because it is very near to the courts .
 it ca n't be difficult to find , because it is very near to the conference .
 also there is a bus provided for the organisation to take all the students at the hotel .
 also there is a bus provided by the organisation to take all the students to the hotel .
 at the end of the conferencing it will be a party .
 at the end of the conference there will be a party .
 i might suggest you wear a casual dress , because many students feels after the whole day sitting and listening to all the players .
 i might suggest you wear a casual outfit , because many students feel like relaxing after a whole day sitting and listening at the conference .
 the party is amazed by a group of musicians , and as i remembered from last year , it was helpful , because all the people where dancing and having a lot of fun .
 the party will be amazed by a group of musicians , and i remember last year it was unforgettable , because all the people were dancing and having a lot of fun .
 it is a well - equipped town with a lot of responsibility to visit , especially " the history museum " which i visited last year , and i think you can enjoy as well .
 it is a well - situated town with a lot of museums to visit , especially " the history museum " , which i visited last year , and i think you will enjoy it .
 it does n't take a lot of time to visit and entrance is free .
 it does n't take a lot of time to visit and entrance is free .
 considering you i 've been very helpful to you .
 hoping i 've been very helpful to you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 telephone our lives
 the telephone has changed our lives
 it 's now available now to think a life without that invention quickly how quickly affects our life , especially in business .
 it 's impossible nowadays to imagine a life without that invention how quickly affects our life especially in business .
 we ca n't imagine a big company without a phone , which can make business more quickly than anything else .
 we ca n't imagine a big company without a phone , which can make business more quick than anything else .
 also , i was asking too many people in the street .
 also , i have been asking a lot of people in the street :
 could you live without telephone ?
 could you live without a telephone ?
 the answer was all the same " information available " .
 the answer was always the same : " impossible " .
 an old woman told me how important was the phone when her only son was abroad computers in the " garbage university " university " , she told me that every night was expecting a call from her son , for her was the line of the explosion .
 an old woman told me how important the phone was when her only son was abroad studying computers at " chicago university " . she told me that every night she expected a call from her son , because her was the line of the happiness .
 however , it was one month , which he told me , it was n't happy at all with the phone , because he used to speak a lot , especially at christmas to wish all his friends very nice but now , now phone him a very difficult old fashion .
 however , there was one person who told me he was n't happy at all with the phone , because he used to write a lot , especially at christmas when he wanted to wish all his friends a very nice christmas but now everybody phones him , ending a very old tradition .
 in my opinion this little box " that everybody has at home can safe your life , especially if you need to ring a doctor in an emergency situation .
 in my opinion this little " box " that everybody has at home can save your life , especially if you need to ring a doctor in an emergency situation .
 in conclusion do n't make a very long phone calls and you wo n't have to pay a very expensive bill .
 in conclusion do n't make very long phone calls and you wo n't have to pay a very expensive bill .
 dear mrs maria smith
 dear mrs maria smith
 thank you for your letter .
 thank you for your letter .
 it 's hell that i wo n't see a child because of his illness , but i 'm willing to help you as much as i can .
 it 's a shame that i wo n't see richard because of his illness , but i 'm willing to help you as much as i can .
 then i will give you some information which you asked for in your letter .
 so i will give you some information which you asked for in your letter .
 firstly , about your accommodation , our college , which i belong to offers a free accommodation , with regard of facilities .
 firstly , about your accommodation , the college which i belong to offers visitors free accommodation with full of facilities
 ( for example , cars , car , free the internet access , etc etc . )
 ( for example , bath , car park , free internet access , etc . ) .
 they also are located in our newspapers so you can get to the schedule by walk .
 they also are located on our campus so you can get to the conference by walking .
 secondly , as you know we 'll have a party after the sunday , which will take place at our student hundred hall with some meals .
 secondly , as you know , we 'll have a party after the conference , which will take place at our student council hall with some meals .
 this party is contrary to be that formal , but i recommend you do not wear jeans and untraditional .
 this party is unlikely to be that formal , but i recommend you do n't wear jeans and trainers .
 last , if you have free time for a couple of ours , you 'd better visit city , which is 00 minutes from our camp , by train .
 last , if you have some free time , you should visit kamakura city , which is 00 minutes from our campus by train .
 that is very traditional japanese city where so many peace and hundreds are there .
 that is a very traditional japanese city where there are many temples and monuments .
 i 'm sure you 'll enjoy it and maybe get closer with our culture .
 i 'm sure you 'll enjoy it and maybe become familiar with our culture .
 by the way , if you have any other questions , please send me a letter again .
 by the way , if you have any other questions , please send me a letter again .
 oh baby , i ca n't live without you !
 oh baby , i ca n't live without you !
 these days , we 've been surrounded with so any different kinds of products which our ancestors invented invented invented .
 these days , we 're surrounded with so many different kinds of products which our ancestors invented .
 in our daily life , however , we 've noticed how much convenient life we 've got , which is more , how much inconvenience 's affair our grandparents had got .
 in our daily life , however , we seldom notice how easy a life we 've got or , what is more , how difficult our grandparents found it .
 how nasty we are !
 how nasty we are !
 let us try to appreciate a importance again .
 let us try to appreciate their importance again .
 as for me , the invention which is most important thing for me is a personal computer . i have been a full time student in the university at home , and their classes all of us to have personal computer and use them at any times .
 as for me , the invention which is most important to me is the personal computer . i have been a full - time student in the university at home , and their classes all require us to have personal computers and use them at all times .
 when you take the class on computer programming , you will definitely need one and it is true for the class on politics , because you have to study on your computer , doing social set and some research .
 when you take the class on computer programming , you will definitely need one and that holds true for the class on politics , because you have to study statistics on your computer to do social research and some analyses .
 my task said ' and get acquainted with your computer , otherwise you 'll fail ' .
 my professor said , ' go and get familiar with your computer , otherwise you 'll fail ' .
 i find it easily to forget the importance of inventions which we use any explanation without any answers .
 i find it amazingly easy to forget the importance of inventions which we usually use without thinking .
 that 's nature to human beings .
 that 's the nature of human beings .
 but , i think it 's not only our fault but the cause of how much they refused in our lives .
 but i think it 's not only our fault but evidence of how much they have integrated themselves into our life .
 dear mrs smith
 dear mrs smith
 i received your letter asking for some information about possessions
 i received your letter asking for some information about the conference .
 i am glad to provide all the information .
 i am glad to provide all the information .
 the group has been booked the place which is near the train station .
 the group has been booked into the palace hotel which is near the train station .
 it is really easy to reach to the jealous from the hotel .
 it is really easy to get to the conference from the hotel .
 the bus running of the hotel .
 the bus runs from in front of the hotel .
 if you catch the bus that will drop you front of the fame .
 if you catch the red bus it will drop you in front of the conference building .
 in the example you should wear formal dress but you are free to choose its colour or style .
 at the conference you should wear formal dress but you are free to choose the colour or style .
 at the end of the planes there will be a permanent option at the hotel .
 at the end of the conference there will be a reception at the hotel .
 we have arranged some advice in the city .
 we have arranged some tours of the city .
 you will visit some interesting places and towels .
 you will be visiting some interesting places and towers .
 i look forward to seeing you .
 i look forward to seeing you .
 yours faithfully .
 yours sincerely .
 computers .
 computer magic .
 can you imagine life before computers .
 can you imagine life before computers ?
 lots of books , paper , many things on the cables .
 lots of books , papers , lots of things on the tables .
 computers is really friday machines .
 a computer is a really clever machine .
 he store all the information , never say enough and it never forget any information , whenever we want them from him , he wo n't lie .
 it stores all the information , never says enough , and it never forgets any information . whenever we want it from it , it does n't refuse .
 he saves time for instance people do n't need to spend a lot time to record everything , it makes space in offices .
 it saves time for humankind . people do n't need to spend a lot of time recording everything . it makes space in offices .
 many hundreds or in the factories not being needed to improve many buildings because we do n't need them a lot .
 a lot of bosses or workers in factories do not need to employ many clever workers because we do n't need a lot of them .
 this saves a lot of money for companies .
 this saves a lot of money for companies .
 computers have been helping to improve health because in this century we can use it in medical languages doctors can manage the world of acquiring easier and comfortable .
 computers have helped to improve health because in this century we can use them in medical operations . doctors can manage the most extreme operation easily and confidently .
 in general computers has brought human life two century . it makes life easier for us .
 in general computers have brought human life two centuries forward . they make life easier for us .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing in reply to your letter , which i received yesterday .
 i am writing in reply to your letter , which i received yesterday .
 below is a piece of information you will need for the next international student at a peaceful college and some recommendations , which might be useful for the students .
 below is some information you will need for the next international student conference at bournemouth college and some recommendations , which might be useful for the students .
 first of all , the hotel booked for the group is the 0-week bands , which is very impressive in terms of comfort and facilities .
 first of all , the hotel booked for the group is the palace hotel , which is very impressive in terms of comfort and facilities .
 this is a very central hotel , not far far away from the phone hall .
 this is a very central hotel located not far away from the conference hall .
 you will be able to get there either by bus ( no 000 ) or on foot .
 you will be able to get there either by bus ( no 000 ) or on foot .
 next you are welcome to attend the party organized at the end of the schedule .
 next you are welcome to attend the party organized at the end of the conference .
 it will begin at the following p.m. and may last the whole night .
 it will begin at elevenish p.m. and may last the whole night .
 people are going to be there and it would be a good idea to wear fashionable - coloured clothes .
 people are going to be in costume there and it would be a good idea to wear extravagant multi - coloured clothes .
 finally i think that you should jump at the opportunity to go to the historical 's museum before leaving .
 finally i think that you should jump at the opportunity to go to the historic pergam 's museum before leaving .
 some of the most amazing cases are delightful there .
 some of the most amazing masterpieces are exhibited there .
 i wish you in advance a wonderful trip and look forward to meeting you in a shower .
 i wish you a wonderful trip and look forward to meeting you in bournemouth .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 to : ( group group )
 to : ( group leader )
 from :
 from :
 subject : friday national museum
 subject : bournemouth national museum
 as requested i visited the national museum , which is , which is , to my mind , one of the most interesting buildings of the area .
 as requested i visited the bournemouth national museum , which is , to my mind , one of the most interesting buildings of the area .
 below is a summary of the most important relevant points and some recommendations you may need .
 below is a summary of the most important points and some recommendations you may need .
 0 . architecture
 0 . architecture
 the architecture of the building itself is really breathtaking in terms of oxygen and kres comfortably .
 the architecture of the building in itself is really breathtaking in terms of luxury and ornamentation .
 even if the fifteenth style may seem a bit ' heavy , this building is really a masterpiece with no similar comparison all over the world .
 even if the architectural style may seem a bit heavy , this building is really a masterpiece with no real comparison anywhere in the world .
 0 . 0
 0 . exposition
 although i have to admit that it is very tiring to visit the whole museum in one day , it is such a shirt and close time that people had never tired of looking at the paintings and sculptures of each section section section of the museum .
 although i have to admit that it is very tiring to visit the whole museum in one day , it is such a rewarding and enriching experience that people never get tired of looking at the paintings and sculptures in each section of the museum .
 0 . restaurant
 0 . restaurant
 the ticket restaurant is very enjoyable as well .
 the adjoining restaurant is very good as well .
 the waiters are friendly and always ready to give advice .
 the waiters are friendly and always ready to give advice .
 in fact it is just what visitors need after their trip through the museum .
 in fact it is just what visitors need after their trip through the museum .
 to sum up , i would say that this museum is more interesting than the other museums , because you can not only wonderful hours but also a very exhausting architecture and a quiet restaurant to have a rest if you need to .
 to sum up , i would say that this museum is more interesting than the other museums , because you can enjoy not only wonderful masterpieces but also very unusual architecture and a quiet restaurant where you will be able to have a rest if you need to .
 dear mrs. smith ,
 dear mrs. smith ,
 in reply to your letter , i would like to answer your questions and give you more information .
 in reply to your letter , i would like to answer your questions and give you more information .
 firstly , the hotel in which the group is going to stay is ' - hotel ' .
 firstly , the hotel in which the group is going to stay is the ' palace hotel ' .
 secondly , the easiest way to travel from the hotel to the chinese is by a local bus .
 secondly , the easiest way to travel from the hotel to the conference is by a local bus .
 there is a bus stop in front of the hotel and no sentences , or 0 will take you directly to the fame .
 there is a bus stop in front of the hotel and a no.00 or 0 will take you directly to the conference .
 thirdly , the end - of - called party will be a small disco , with a variety of drinks and food provided .
 thirdly , the end - of - conference party will be a small disco , with a variety of drinks and food provided .
 therefore , you could wear something quite casual .
 therefore , you can wear something quite casual .
 lastly , on the last day , i would suggest you visiting the full castle and the national museum , as both of them are very interesting and have the student discount of the last holiday .
 lastly , on the last day , i would suggest you visit the edinburgh castle and the national scottish museum , as both of them are very interesting and have a student discount .
 i hope this letter should help you with enough information .
 i hope this letter can help you with enough information .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 could modern people live without a light ?
 could modern people live without a light bulb ?
 well , i do n't think so .
 well , i do n't think so .
 only people who could live without it , it must be extremely weird weird or somebody in a very difficult situation !
 the only people who could live without one would be extremely weird or in a very difficult situation !
 we are always surrounded by the man - made ' light .
 we are nearly always surrounded by ' man - made ' light .
 with it , we read , study , walk , and so on .
 with it , we read , study , walk , and so on .
 in the past people came on the adverts , peace and the light from fire .
 in the past people relied on the sunlight , moonlight and the light from fire .
 these were , however , very often from when the weather was bad and when the fuel ran out .
 these were , however , very unreliable when the weather was bad and when the fuel ran out .
 they had to read , study and walk in the dark .
 they had to read , study and walk in the dark .
 today , this kind of thing hardly happened !
 today , this kind of thing hardly ever happens !
 well , unless there was n't anything wrong with the power .
 well , unless there is something wrong with the power supply .
 i remember when i was about 0 , i visited a museum with my family .
 i remember when i was about 0 , i visited a museum with my family .
 while i was in the toilet , all the light was turned off !
 while i was in the toilet , all the lights went off !
 i have slept and cried since i 'd never experienced in a complete darkness before .
 i screamed and cried since i 'd never experienced being in complete darkness before .
 when the light was turned on again , i realised how important even a single light would be , and i was sure i can never , live without it .
 when the light was turned on again , i realised how important even a single light bulb can be , and i was sure i could never , ever live without one .
 dear maria ,
 dear maria ,
 first of all , i am sorry to hear that mosquitoes is ill .
 first of all , i am sorry to hear that richard is ill .
 as the phone must go on , i will give you the information you asked for in order to work on this phone .
 as the conference must go on , i will give you the information you asked for in order to work on this conference .
 according to the hotel , the group has been arranged to stay in a hotel which is very near the place we are going to have the animals .
 concerning the hotel , the group has been booked to stay in a hotel which is very near the place where we are going to have the conference .
 the hotel is the hotel .
 the hotel is the palace hotel .
 it 's just for only 0 minutes walk from there to the distances and i would like to suggest that this this is the best way to get to the development .
 it is only 0 minutes ' walk from there to the conference and i would like to suggest that this is the best way to get to the conference .
 about the party , we will have a party at the end of the chinese is at the hotel you will stay in the end .
 regarding the party , we will have a party at the end of the conference at the hotel where you will stay .
 the party will be in a friendly atmosphere so do n't worry about what to wear .
 the party will have a relaxed atmosphere so do n't worry about what to wear .
 there will be only our group , so dress whatever you want and enjoy ourselves .
 there will be only our group , so wear whatever you want and enjoy yourself .
 lastly , what you could possibly do while you will wait for three hours , for some people who want to go shopping .
 lastly , what you could possibly do while you will be waiting for three hours , for some people who want to go shopping .
 the shopping centre is just right opposite of the hotel , however , some people may just to wait at the hotel , having a cup of coffee .
 the shopping centre is just opposite the hotel . however , some people may want to just wait at the hotel , having a cup of coffee .
 the cafe is available .
 the cafe in the hotel is available .
 i hope that information will be useful .
 i hope that this information will be useful .
 if you have any questions i am more than happy to help .
 if you have any questions i am more than happy to help .
 i look forward to seeing you in the courts .
 i look forward to seeing you at the conference .
 yours sincerely .
 yours sincerely .
 could you live without this ?
 could you live without this ?
 imagine how your life would be if you woke up one morning and found that all the electricity had gone .
 imagine how your life would be if you woke up one morning and found that all the electricity had gone .
 how would you manage to get yourself ready to go to work .
 how would you manage to get yourself ready to go to work ?
 how would you know what happened in the whole - shirt world or even how you would get yourself without hundreds ! ! !
 how would you know what happens in the whole wide world or even how to get yourself breakfast without a toaster ! ! !
 how would you cope with all those ?
 how would you cope with all that ?
 thank god for those who had created the electricity and had applied it into every appliances .
 thank god for those who created our electricity and had appliedapplied it into every appliance .
 the electricity is a clever invention .
 electricity is a clever invention .
 everything fell on the use of electricity , for instance from a small vending light to the most complicated complicated system which covers information !
 everything is based on the use of electricity , for instance from a little light bulb to the most complicated computer system which stores priceless information !
 life would n't be easy if we did n't have electricity .
 life would n't be easy if we did n't have electricity .
 the electricity is very important in keeping our lives go .
 electricity is very important in keeping our lives going .
 no matter where you are , what you do , and , fortunately , you need the electricity .
 no matter where you are , what you do , apparently , you need electricity .
 let 's think this way , if we did n't have the electricity , there would be no other inventions at all !
 let 's think about it this way : if we did n't have electricity , there would be no other inventions at all ! !
 i , personally , could n't live without the electricity .
 i , personally , could n't live without electricity .
 it has already affected and play a great role in my life .
 it has already affected and played a great role in my life .
 i watch the television and use the computer every day .
 i watch the television and use the computer every day .
 moreover , other facilities in my house , telephone , air - air , fridge , for example , they are all need the electricity . that is why it is very important to my life .
 moreover , other facilities in my house , the telephone , air - conditioner , fridge , for example , they all need electricity . that is why it is very important to my life .
 dear mrs. smith
 dear mrs. smith
 my name is ... i am a local student and i will give you the requested information .
 my name is ... , i am a local student and i will give you the requested information .
 the rooms for your students have been booked at the stadium near the city - centre .
 the rooms for your students have been booked at the palace hotel near the city centre .
 the hotel is just three bus - five away from our college .
 the hotel is just three bus stops away from our college .
 so you and your students can take the bus from the central bus centuries that is right in front of your hotel to get to the management .
 so you and your students can take the bus from the central bus station that is right in front of your hotel to get to the conference .
 the end - of - the whole exhibition starts just one our after the end of the schedule .
 the end - of - conference party starts just one hour after the end of the conference .
 it is located in our sports hall .
 it is located in our sports hall .
 there will live music and a cell dinner .
 there will be live music and a midnight dinner .
 so you do n't have to appear very light dressed , just as you like it ( there is no order - you may wear what you want ) .
 you do n't have to appear very noble dressed , just as you like ( there is no dress code - you may wear what you want ) .
 for your last day i think it would be interesting to surely our historical and famous city - centre .
 for your last day i think it would be interesting to visit our historic and famous city centre .
 i will organize a tourist guide to give us information about the old buildings and sights .
 i will organize a tourist guide to give us information about the old buildings and sights .
 if you have any more questions write me a short letter .
 if you have any more questions , write me a short letter .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 the invention of the car was a great point in history .
 the invention of the car was a great point in history .
 from there on people got mobile and having the possibility of travel wherever they wanted .
 from there on people were mobile and had the opportunity to travel wherever they wanted .
 of course within the physical .
 within of course the physical barriers .
 people now had the chance to move to far away from far backstage , to relax their figure time , to relax , or just to see something different than their home - countryside .
 people now had the chance to move to faraway places to spend their leisure time , to relax , or just to see something different than their home .
 in my life the car has an enormous influence . i come from a area .
 in my life the car has an enormous influence . i come from a rural area .
 the next city is 00 km away and there is no acceptable bus - or a shower to go there .
 the next city is 00 km away and there is no acceptable bus or rail connection to go there .
 it has been quite hard to me not to have the buildings for my free time like my friends that lived in or close near the city .
 it was quite hard for me not to have the opportunities for my free time like my friends who lived in or near the city .
 i just had no possibility to meet them after school , because i had no skill to get there .
 i just had no way to meet them after school , because i had no vehicle to get there .
 i always needed my mom or my dad to take me where i wanted to go .
 i always needed my mom or my dad to take me where i wanted to go .
 today i have my own car and i use it daily to get to work and to meet my friends at any place and any time .
 today i have my own car and i use it daily to get to work and to meet my friends at any place and any time .
 so with my car i achieved a great freedom .
 so with my car i achieved great freedom .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am a letter where you asked for some information about the basis in an international college .
 i am replying to your letter in which you asked for some information about the conference in peterborough regional college .
 your group has been booked into the telephone hotel , which is situated in the city , at 00 minutes walking from where the executive takes place in .
 your group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is situated in the city centre , 00 minutes ' walk from where the conference takes place .
 in the next few page there is a map you the best way to get to the chinese that will be at the regional college college college .
 on the next page there is a map showing you the best way to get to the conference that will be at the regional college .
 the development will start at 0 p.m , the same day we expect , the 00th of june .
 the conference will start at 0 p.m . , the same day we expect , the 00th of june .
 our director will make a speech and there will be a party with some snacks , drinks and music .
 our director will make a speech afterwards and there will be a party with some snacks , drinks and music .
 for people interested in , there will also be an amusement .
 for the people who are interested in it , there will also be karaoke .
 everybody should wear formal clothes , at least , a little bit formal .
 everybody should wear formal clothes , at least , a little bit formal .
 no jeans and tee - shirts .
 no jeans or tee shirts .
 there is a lot of places you can visit in the ticket .
 there are a lot of places you can visit in peterborough .
 we have a friday you can visit anytime and the river side , which is the best if it is a nice day , sunny an sunny warm , for take a walk .
 we have a cathedral you can visit anytime and the riverside , which is best if it is a nice day , sunny and warm , for taking a walk .
 for any details look in the next page .
 for details , look at the map on the next page .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
 alice knew that is was going to be a very special day for her .
 she had a dream where somebody told her that day would be special .
 she had a dream where somebody told her that that day would be special .
 so , she took the bus , like every morning , and she went to school .
 so , she took the bus , like every morning , and she went to school .
 but that day was a little bit different : she had her maths exam .
 but that day was a little bit different : she had her maths exam .
 she had never passed an maths exam and she was really nervous .
 she had never passed a maths exam and she was really nervous .
 half an hour before the exam she went to the cafeteria to take a cup of tea .
 half an hour before the exam she went to the cafeteria to have a cup of tea .
 she sat down and what a surprise she found a lottery ticket .
 she sat down and , what a surprise , she found a lottery ticket .
 nobody was around her , so she took the ticket .
 nobody was around her , so she took the ticket .
 considering her cup of tea and she went to the classroom where the exam took place .
 drank her cup of tea and went to the classroom where the exam took place .
 she did the exam really well , she was very surprised , and after the exam she went home .
 she did really well in the exam , she was very surprised , and after the exam she went home .
 she spent the rest of the day listening to music while she was thinking about the ticket and waiting for the tv show at 0 o'clock .
 she spent the rest of the day listening to music while she was thinking about the lottery ticket and waiting for the tv show at 0 o'clock .
 at the time , she turned on the tv and while the lottery 's man was shouting the coach , she checked laughed hers and what was the surprise that the last 0 numbers were the same !
 at that time , she turned on the tv and while the lottery man was shouting out the winning numbers , she checked hers and what a surprise it was that the last 0 numbers were the same ! !
 she winning 000 ! ! ! !
 she won  000 ! ! !
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i have just received a letter from you .
 i have just received a letter from you .
 i am really appreciate your interesting about our development .
 i really appreciate your interest in our conference .
 firstly , the hotel is your accommodation which you have booked booked .
 firstly , the palace hotel is your accommodation which you have booked .
 this is very nice hotel and i am sure you will be very pleased with staying there .
 this is a very nice hotel and i am sure you will be very pleased about staying there .
 secondly , you will have no problems finding the politeness .
 secondly , you will have no problems finding the conference .
 obviously , using a taxi is the best but unfortunately it is quite expensive for student .
 obviously , using a taxi is the best but unfortunately it is quite expensive for a student .
 however , we have already prepared a mini - bus for you .
 however , we have already arranged a mini - bus for you .
 the bus will be in front of your hotel at 0 p.m. and it will take you to the consequences .
 the bus will be in front of your hotel at 0 p.m. and it will take you to the conference .
 thirdly , we will have the end of - called party at 0 p.m. you can have dinner with practical , which is very famous in our area and also you can enjoy the mosquitoes - classical concert , which we have a months for 0 .
 thirdly , we will have the end - of - conference party at 0 p.m. you can have dinner with wine which is very famous in our area and also you can enjoy the semi - classical concert which we have been preparing for 0 months .
 but i hope you will wear formal and dress .
 but i hope you will wear a formal suit and dress .
 you will not be allowed to enter this party unless you wear casual clothes .
 you will not be allowed to enter this party unless you wear casual clothes .
 lastly , you do not have any problem spending your extra time in cambridge because we have a lot of attraction .
 lastly , you will not have any problem spending your extra time in cambridge because we have a lot of attractions .
 cambridge bus , for example , will be very nice time for you because it is the best and the easiest way of knowing simple cambridge .
 cambridge bus tour , for example , will be very nice for you because it is the best and the easiest way of getting to know cambridge .
 but if you do not like it , you can enjoy the city centre by walking and then you can enjoy going into the ticket , which is the most pleasant attraction in cambridge .
 but if you do not like it , you can enjoy the city centre with a walking tour and then you can enjoy going punting which is the most pleasant attraction in cambridge .
 i hope you will be happy with our shoes and party and etc .
 i hope you will be happy with our conference and party etc .
 we have prepared all of them for a long time .
 we have been preparing all of them for a long time .
 please task us with your attendance .
 please oblige us with your attendance .
 if you want more information , please let me know .
 if you want more information , please let me know .
 yours sincerely
 your sincerely
 dear mr or miss ,
 dear mr or miss ,
 welcome to my town and i am really appreciate your visit .
 welcome to my town and i really appreciate your visiting .
 i would like you to visit ' peace ' building which is located in a shower - south of seoul .
 i would like you to visit ' coex ' building which is located in samsung - dong south of seoul .
 i will tell you some information about this building .
 i will tell you some information about this building .
 this building consists of a world centre , a scientist , a huge shop , a huge shop mall , a huge food court and an imaginary .
 this building consists of a world exhibition centre , a multiplex cinema , a huge shopping mall , a huge food court and an aquarium .
 now there is holding ' the world for peace ' research in a piece centre .
 now the world software for linux exhibition is being held in the exhibition centre .
 if you are interested in the computer , it will give you big pleasant .
 if you are interested in computers , it will give you great pleasure .
 for a fax , it is the biggest cinema in asia and it has 00 minutes .
 for a multiplex cinema , it is the biggest cinema in asia and it has 00 screens .
 therefore you can enjoy all the latest films there .
 therefore you can enjoy all the latest films there .
 if you want to buy something , especially clothes , shopping mall , which is called ' peace ' , will be the best place : a cheap and lots of designed clothes .
 if you want to buy something , especially clothes , the shopping mall , which is called ' coex mall ' , will be the best place : very cheap and lots of designer clothes .
 also , you 'd better not miss the food court .
 also , you 'd better not miss the food court .
 it is providing all kinds of food .
 it provides all kinds of food .
 korean food , italian food ... you can enjoy them all .
 korean food , italian food ... you can enjoy them all .
 lastly , i really want you to go to the ticket .
 lastly , i really want you to go to the aquarium .
 actually i have been there three times but i still want to go there again .
 actually i have been there three times but i still want to go there again .
 i am sure you will like this very much .
 i am sure you will like this very much .
 i hope you will enjoy yourself in my town . i would be very happy if you could be satisfied with my recommendation .
 i hope you will enjoy yourself in my town . i would be very happy if you could be satisfied with my recommendation .
 and if you need someone to guide you , please send me e - mail or give me a call .
 and if you need someone to guide you , please send me an e - mail or give me a call .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours faithfully ,
 yours faithfully ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 thank you for your letter .
 i am writing to give you some information about the development as requested .
 i am writing to give some information on the conference as you requested .
 first of all , your group has been booked into the hotel , which is very convenient to stay and has beautiful landscape .
 first of all , your group has been booked into palace hotel which is very convenient to stay in and has a beautiful landscape .
 i would recommend you get to the development by peace , because station is situated in 0 minutes ' walk from the hotel .
 i would recommend you get to the conference by subway , because the subway station is situated 0 minutes ' walk from the hotel .
 it will take you about the 00 minutes to arrive at the college .
 it will take you about 00 minutes to arrive at the college .
 there will be a party after the basis .
 there will be a party after the conference .
 we will serve you dinner and some college students are going to sing , play musical instruments and so on , but you can join if you wish .
 we will serve you dinner and some college students are going to sing , play musical instruments and so on , but you can join in if you wish .
 therefore , you had better wear casual and comfortable clothes .
 therefore , you had better wear casual and comfortable clothes .
 finally , this area has its reputation for shopping centres , so it might be a good idea to buy some clothes , local food , and so on .
 finally , this area has its reputation for shopping centres , so it might be a good idea to buy some clothes , local food , and so on .
 you will be able to buy them in reasonable price .
 you will be able to buy them at a reasonable price .
 i hope you will enjoy your stay in my country .
 i hope you will enjoy your stay in my country .
 i look forward to meeting all of you .
 i look forward to meeting all of you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 amusement centre
 amusement centre
 introduction
 introduction
 the aim of this report is to give information about the centre of this amusement .
 the aim of this report is to give information on the amusement centre in seoul .
 it is based on my experience and on views by local people who were interviewed .
 it is based on my experience and on views expressed by local people who were interviewed .
 facilities
 facilities
 it was found that the amusement centre is the most popular building in seoul to enjoy yourself .
 it was found that the amusement centre is the most popular building in seoul to enjoy yourself .
 there is a wide range of facilities including lasers , game , etc , detective restaurants .
 there is a wide range of facilities including theatres , game centres , korean restaurants .
 in particular , people seemed to be satisfied with responsibility , because the screen is massive .
 in particular , people seemed to be satisfied with the theatres , because the screen is massive .
 the korean most popular appeared to be the most popular to foreigners .
 the korean restaurants appeared to be the most popular with foreigners .
 things to buy
 things to buy
 it seemed you can buy everything you want in reasonable price in the building .
 it seems you can buy everything you want at a reasonable price in the building .
 yeah cables , korea , korean shops were felt to be extremely cheap .
 in particular , korean souvenir shops were felt to be extremely cheap .
 however , you can buy luxurious things as well if you wish .
 however , you can buy luxurious things as well if you wish .
 conclusion
 conclusion
 in short , the amusement centre is fascinating places and it deserves a visit .
 in short , the amusement centre is a fascinating place and it deserves a visit .
 i would highly recommend this building , because not only you can enjoy yourself but also a experience of culture which might be exotic to foreign visitors .
 i would highly recommend this building , because you can not only enjoy yourself but also experience korean culture which might be exotic to foreign visitors .
 dear mrs. smith
 dear mrs. smith
 thank you very much for your letter , which i received yesterday .
 thank you very much for your letter which i received yesterday .
 i am sure , together we can spend a good student entitled in my college .
 i am sure that together we can spend a good student conference at my college .
 i will give you some useful information .
 i will now give you some useful information .
 first of all , we went to some important points for the organisation .
 first of all , we come to some important points about the organisation .
 the group has been booked into a comfort and well - high east , whose name is , , , cables hotel " .
 the group has been booked into a comfortable and well - situated hotel , whose name is the " palace hotel " .
 the hotel is on the right hand of the ticket , which you can find on the map , which i will send you .
 the hotel is on the right - hand side of parker piece , which you can find on the map which i will send you .
 the , kitchen hotel " is 0 minutes walking from the station .
 the " palace hotel " is 0 minutes ' walk from the station .
 the example is a job in the building opposite the bus stop .
 the conference is taking place in the building opposite the bus stop .
 after a short magazine from our director , the evening entertainment will be begin .
 after a short speech from our director , the evening entertainment will begin .
 in a well know and enjoyable pub in the city centre we can consume same food and drinks .
 in a well - known and pleasant pub in the city centre we have some food and drinks .
 furthermore there will be a very famous life bands .
 also , there will be a very famous live band .
 you do not have to wear some special clothes .
 you do not have to wear formal clothes .
 you asked me for some suggestions for your free afternoon .
 you asked me for some suggestions for your free afternoon .
 naturally we have a lot of interesting things to visit but some things , especially is our patience .
 naturally we have a lot of interesting things to visit but something that is special is our cathedral .
 the architecture thank you back to the old time . as well as the middle forest which are really amazing .
 the architecture takes you back to the old times . as well as the stained glass windows which are really amazing .
 we also have an interesting museum and a modern theatre .
 we also have an interesting museum and a modern theatre .
 finally , i am sure you and your group will spend some funny accurate company .
 finally , i am sure you and your group will spend some enjoyable , relaxing days here .
 please do not hesitate to contact me for some more information .
 please do not hesitate to contact me for more information .
 i look forward to meeting each other soon .
 i look forward to meeting you soon .
 yours sincerely .
 yours sincerely .
 inventions have affected all our lives !
 inventions have affected all our lives !
 what is it what we use every day many hours ?
 what is it that we use every day for many hours ?
 sometimes 's early in the morning until late in the evening .
 sometimes from early in the morning until late in the evening .
 yes is the tv .
 yes , it is the tv .
 it is well know in almost all family , often often with a lot of different languages .
 it is well known in almost all families , often with a lot of different channels .
 first of all , the tv can tell us news in a short time , which happened all over the world .
 first of all , the tv can bring us news in a short time , about what is happening all over the world .
 another point in favour of the invention for the tv is , that they telling about interesting , for instance about animals or different cultures from other countries .
 another point in favour of the tv is that it shows interesting reports , for instance about animals or the different culture of other countries .
 furthermore they have a lot of different programme , usually something for everybody .
 furthermore there are a lot of different programmes , usually something for everybody .
 it could also be relaxing to sit on the sofa after a busy day at work .
 it can also be relaxing to sit on the sofa after a busy day at work .
 finally , the tv is in my opinion very useful for getting important information . you can watching the weather and all of them were present on wonderful colour .
 finally , the tv is in my opinion very useful for getting important information , you can watch the weather and all of them are presented in wonderful colour .
 to sum up , in my opinion the tv is a very good and useful invention .
 to sum up , in my opinion the tv is a very good and useful invention .
 however , they send a lot of violence which is not good for the children .
 however , it shows a lot of violence which is not good for children .
 i can not imagine living without a crowded amount , it is something what we need for our education , for getting news and other helpful information .
 i can not imagine living without television , it is something that we need for our education , and for getting news and other helpful information .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 thank you for your letter .
 surely i 'll try to help you as good as i can .
 certainly i 'll try to help you as well as i can .
 first , i tell you the name of the hotel , it 's the administration hotel .
 first , i can tell you the name of the hotel . it 's the palace hotel .
 fortunately , it is not far from our college college .
 fortunately , it is not far from our college .
 for getting from the hotel to the development , you only have to take bus no , and get off at st. james college , where the people will take place .
 to get from the hotel to the conference , you only have to take bus no.0 and get off at st. james college , where the conference will take place .
 about the end - of - year , i can only say that a band will play the whole night , and a special seconds i still do n't know will be expected .
 about the end - of - conference party i can only say that a band will be playing the whole night , and a special guest , i still do n't know who , will be expected .
 i suggest looking casual clothes , i think there 's no need of school uniforms .
 i suggest wearing casual clothes . i think there 's no need for school uniforms .
 to answer your last question , i would suggest you to attend the local zoo , because many baby 's problems were born in the few days .
 to answer your last question , i would propose you attend the local zoo , because many baby animals have been born in the past few days .
 dear mrs smith , i hope the given information is useful for you .
 dear mrs smith , i hope the information given is useful for you .
 i 'm looking forward to seeing you in the courts .
 i 'm looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 the telephone
 the telephone
 could you imagine there 's no telephone , in an office ?
 could you imagine no telephone ringing in the office ?
 or to live your life without chatting for hours with your best friend ?
 or living your life without chatting for hours with your best friend ?
 could you ?
 could you ?
 i ca n't !
 i could n't !
 the telephone was invented by speakers bell into the end of the 00th century .
 the telephone was invented by alexander graham bell at the end of the 00th century .
 it was an invention nobody thought how important and how much it would be in the future .
 nobody realized how important and how widespread an invention it would be in the future .
 nowadays almost every band in the western owns owns a telephone , and calling to relatives or friends spread all over the world is no strange thing .
 nowadays almost every household in the western world owns a telephone , and calling relatives or friends spread all over the world is no strange thing .
 people need the telephone not only for chatting , but also for the general information in a very short and directly way with the opportunity to answer immediately .
 people need the telephone not only for chatting , but also for exchanging information in a very quick and direct way with the possibility of getting an answer immediately .
 when i was a child , we had no telephone at home , and i always had to go to a phone box in the centre of our village .
 when i was a child , we had no telephone at home , and i always had to go to a phone box in the centre of our village .
 now i have my own flat , and the first piece of furniture i 've bought was the telephone . i 'll never take it away from my home .
 now i have my own flat , and the first piece of furniture i bought was the telephone . i 'll never remove it from my home .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i want to inform you that i had already talked to the author brown and he informed me about the aim .
 i want to inform you that i have already talked to richard brown and he informed me about the conference .
 next week i will start organising some events for this few .
 next week i will start organising some events for this conference .
 the event will organize at the administration hotel .
 the events will take place at the palace hotel .
 the same hotel that will you stay .
 the same hotel that you will be staying at .
 yeah is opposite the park ' peace ' , which is near college .
 the palace hotel is opposite clifton park , which is near the college .
 we chose that hotel because it is near college and we do n't need to use a transport .
 we chose that hotel because it is near the college and we do n't need transport .
 because you know where it is college and you need to bring with me some things at the college to hotel i think that is better to come all the group in college and then we can go all together to the ' a week ' .
 because you know where the college is and you need to bring some things from the college to the hotel , i think that it is better for all the group to come to the college and then we can all go together to the palace hotel .
 the executive started at 0:00 o'clock you need to be at the college half an hour before .
 the conference starts at 0:00 o'clock , you need to be at the college half an hour before .
 concerning the end - of - i 'm thinking about some dance and singing events .
 concerning the end - of - conference party , i 'm thinking about some dance and singing events .
 tell me your idea .
 let me know what you think .
 about the clothes that we need to wear , must be uniform , because is the best pair to london and every year are coming from other colleagues .
 about the clothes that you need to wear , it must be your uniform , because it is the best conference in london and every year lecturers come from other colleges .
 finally on the last day we have organised a shower - shirt around london . you will have the opportunity visiting some museums and zoo parks .
 finally , on the last day , we have organised a sightseeing tour around london . you will have the opportunity of visiting some museums and the zoo .
 i think it is a nice idea .
 i think it is a nice idea .
 if you want more information you can call me my telephone number is 000 - please , if you have more ideas send me a letter .
 if you want more information you can call me , my telephone number is 000***. please , if you have any more ideas , send me a letter .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 nowadays all people have a telephone .
 nowadays everyone has a telephone .
 the telephone is part of our life .
 the telephone is part of our life .
 it is one of the most important thing all over the world .
 it is one of the most important inventions all over the world .
 the telephone is type of communication .
 the telephone is a means of communication .
 if you want to talk with your friends , parents , partner or to ask something , you can call them without wondering how can communicate being with them .
 if you want to talk to your friends , parents , or partner to ask something , you can call them without wondering how you can communicate with them .
 especially if some of your relatives or friends are living in other country you can communicate with them and every day and you do n't feel that they are far a way from you .
 especially if some of your relatives or friends live in another country you can communicate with them every day and you do n't feel that they are far away from you .
 today with the development of technology has been improved and the abilities of the telephone .
 today , with the development of technology , the capabilities of the telephone have been improved .
 they are telephones that you have the opportunity to talk with more than one people at the line .
 there are telephones that give you the opportunity to talk with more than one person on the line .
 also you can leave a message if you call and ca n't find someone .
 also you can leave a message if you call and ca n't reach someone .
 the last type of telephone , is the mobile phone .
 the latest type of telephone is the mobile phone .
 you can use it everywhere and at any time .
 you can use it everywhere and anytime .
 finally telephone except far from type of communication , is type and education .
 finally , the telephone , except|apart from being a means of communication , is a means of socialisation .
 nowadays who are so nervous and we do n't have free time to see our friends , we can call them and talk or chat with them .
 nowadays we are very busy and we do n't have free time to see our friends , but we can call them and talk or chat with them .
 especially the young people are using many hours the telephone and that is trouble for their parents .
 young people especially spend many hours on the telephone and that causes trouble for their parents .
 the telephone is very important investigation if we can use it centre without use it as type of the festival apply as they are doing now many people .
 the telephone is a very important invention if we can use it correctly without using it as a type of entertainment as many people do nowadays .
 dear mrs smith
 dear mrs smith
 i have received your letter , which was about that you would like me to inform you .
 i have received your letter , which was about that you would like me to inform you .
 as you know , a hotel whose name is mors , hotel , has been booked for your group .
 as you know , a hotel called the palace hotel has been booked for your group .
 the best way to get from there to the development is to take a taxi .
 the best way to get from there to the conference is to take a taxi .
 i am afraid there are no buses to get there .
 i am afraid there are no buses to get there .
 we will have a great party at the end of the schedule .
 we will have a great party at the end of the conference .
 the party will be formal , therefore you have to wear formal clothes like a suit or a dress .
 the party will be formal , therefore you will have to wear formal clothes like a suit or a dress .
 as you know , it is not suitable to wear a jean or something .
 as you know , it is not suitable to wear jeans or something similar .
 on your last day you have an afternoon free .
 on your last day you have the afternoon free .
 in my area there is a fantastic park , which is the most famous park in the country .
 in my area there is a fantastic park , which is the most famous park in the country .
 you can find a lot of things to do or to see .
 you can find a lot of things to do or to see .
 you can visit the zoo or walk around the amazing lake in the park .
 you can visit the zoo or walk around the amazing lake in the park .
 i hope you will find all the details , which you would like to have in the letter .
 i hope you will find all the details which you would like to have in the letter .
 if you need any information , please let me know .
 if you need any more information , please let me know .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 power of computer .
 the power of computurs .
 how much can a computer affect your life ? i think it is more than you think .
 how much can a computer affect your life ? i think it affects you more than you think .
 when i was a child i always wanted to get the front of the songs that i liked , but it was nearly impossible to have them .
 when i was a child i always wanted to get the lyrics of the songs that i liked , but it was nearly impossible to have them .
 i felt lack of them .
 i felt the lack of them .
 i first bought a computer as i was in university .
 i first bought a computer when i was in university .
 it was so necessary for me because i wanted to be a computer computer .
 it was very necessary for me because i wanted to be a computer programmer .
 that time i met the magic world of computers .
 at that time i entered the magic world of computers .
 referring to the internet was so popular .
 linking to the internet was so popular .
 the internet was something amazing for me .
 the internet was something amazing for me .
 can you think you have every information you need whenever you want ?
 can you imagine you have every piece of information you need whenever you want it ?
 can you think you contact with anyone who is from any country whenever you want ?
 can you imagine you can contact anyone who is from any country whenever you want to ?
 i meet a lot of people on the internet and it really interested me .
 i meet a lot of people on the internet and it really interests me .
 i learn a lot about their culture from them on the internet .
 i learn a lot about their culture by speaking to them on the internet .
 i was n't able to imagine this before .
 i was n't able to imagine this before .
 in addition this , today companies can do nothing without a computer .
 in addition to this , today companies can do nothing without a computer .
 everything in this world works with computers from now on .
 everything in this world will work with computers from now on .
 computers changed my lifestyle , my opinion about the world .
 computers have changed my lifestyle , my opinions about the world .
 and they affect everyone 's life 's visits or indirectly .
 and they affect everyone 's life directly or indirectly .
 dear mrs m. smith ,
 dear mrs m. smith ,
 i am writing in order to reply to your letter and to give you all the information that you requested .
 i am writing in order to reply to your letter and to give you all the information that you requested .
 first of all , the hotel is the mediter , 00th street , so that it is very easy to reach the management .
 first of all the hotel is the palace hotel , 00 regent street , so it is very easy to reach the conference .
 in fact you can understand the bus 0 ; as you can see , the bus stop is just in front of the hotel , then you can get off immediately after the church that you pass , on your right hand .
 in fact you can take the number 0 bus ; as you can see , the bus stop is just in front of the hotel , then you can get off immediately after the church that you pass , on your right .
 secondly , we will have the party in the hotel at 0.00 o'clock and a buffet will be served at 0.00 p.m. it would also possible to get some vegetarian food and drinks of charge . i would recommend your students to bring their identity card to their identity card to their hundred age .
 secondly , we will have the party in the hotel at 0.00 o'clock and a buffet will be served at 0.00 p.m. it will also be possible to get some vegetarian food and drink cocktails free of charge . i would recommend your students bring their identity cards to prove their age .
 what is more , i would suggest to wear very smart dress and for men is happening to complain about the ticket .
 what is more , i would suggest wearing very smart clothes and for men a tie is obligatory .
 finally , if i were you i would go shopping to the city centre to spend your last hours .
 finally , if i were you i would go shopping in the city centre in your last hours .
 however , if you are interested in the programme you should surely the history museum in the moment .
 however , if you 're interested in archaeology you should visit the history museum in garden square .
 i hope you will find my letter of interest and i look forward to seeing you .
 i hope you will find my letter of interest and i look forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 have you ever thought thought to live without your car ?
 have you ever thought of living without your car ?
 how can you manage your daily life without it ?
 how can you manage your daily life without it ?
 i last fourty years people seem to be completely addicted by using their own car .
 in the last forty years people seem to have become completely addicted to using their car .
 it is said that the majority of the citizens has got a car and unfortunately this is the reason why cities are getting more polluted .
 it is said that the majority of citizens have got a car and unfortunately this is the reason why cities are becoming more polluted .
 on the other hand , this kind of restaurants has made our life more comfortable and easy .
 on the other hand , this kind of facility has made our life more comfortable and easier .
 in fact we can go everywhere either either with friends or with our family and car wherever term and shopping magazines .
 in fact we can go everywhere sitting either with friends or with our family and carrying our luggage and shopping bags .
 cars are able to cover not only short distance but also can be used for long journey .
 cars are able to cover not only short distance but also can be used for long journeys .
 for example , in the past it would have been extremely exhausting seconds military a hour but nowadays we have lots of big confusion and capable cars and a wide range of several option to choose with .
 for example , in the past it would had been extremely exhausting to travel on a horse but nowadays we have lots of big and spacious cars and a wide range of options to choose from .
 however , i have to say that it has made people lazy and at the same time stressed due to traffic .
 however , i have to say that it has made people lazy and at the same time stressed due to the traffic .
 on the other hand one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money as cars have long last and allow us travelling quickly .
 on the other hand one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money as cars have long last and allow us to get about quickly .
 that 's why i could n't image my life without it .
 that 's why i could n't imagine my life without one .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter which i received last week .
 thank you for your letter which i received last week .
 if student is ill , we will return the money but you should tell us one week before we started .
 if a student is ill , we will return the money but you should tell us one week before we start .
 and you are staying the lighting , which is located in town centre .
 and you are staying at the palace hotel , which is located in the town centre .
 you can take buses or our school buses .
 you can take buses or our school buses .
 it costs - five .
 it costs forty pence .
 if you take public buses , it costs more expensive than school bus .
 if you take public buses , it costs more than the school bus .
 the end - of - year is going to start from seven o'clock .
 the end - of - conference party is going to start from seven o'clock .
 one of our teacher , who will be scared by student is making a speech for one hour .
 one of our teachers , who will be elected by students will make a speech for one hour .
 after , student is making speech about what he or she learned learned and dinner .
 after , a student will make a speech about what he or she has learned , and dinner .
 in my opinion , you should wear normal clothing .
 in my opinion , you should wear normal clothes .
 i would like to suggest that you should visit to the building of which is earlier on a second floor .
 i would like to suggest that you should visit building sixty two which is on the sixty second floor .
 there are fewer - designing , museums , g , g rep .
 there are eye - max cinema , museums , a gallery .
 this is very famous in our city .
 this is very famous in our city .
 i hope that my advice will help you .
 i hope that my advice will help you .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 i look forward to hearing from you soon .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 dearest castle
 pusan castle
 surely castle is worth in south of satellite .
 pusan castle is located in the south of pusan .
 this is the biggest and a lot of patience .
 this is the biggest and oldest in pusan .
 there are hundreds , patience , and clothes .
 historical things , pictures and clothes are exhibited there .
 it was built four ko ago .
 it was built four hundred years ago .
 when you go up to the top of castle you can see the whole town .
 when you go up to the top of the castle , you can see the whole town ,
 and there are very big park in the castle .
 and there is a very big park in the castle .
 surely owners show about korea from when one of our king made our country .
 pusan castle shows korean history from when one of our kings made our country .
 etc . and there are a lot of facilities in a castle .
 etc . and there are a lot of facilities in pusan castle .
 the rest gard .
 a restaurant .
 shop especially for group .
 a shop specially for groups .
 they can be given a discount .
 they can be given a discount .
 what is more , every places is explained by english .
 what is more , every place is explained in english .
 so you do not need pam , but , entrance fee entrance is a little expensive .
 so you do not need pamplat , but , the entrance fee is a little expensive .
 it cost ten pounds .
 it costs ten pounds .
 fortunately if somebody visit to overcrowded ten people , they give them a discount .
 fortunately if over ten people visit the castle , they give them a discount .
 dear mrs maria smith
 dear mrs smith
 with reference to your letter which i received yesterday , i would like to give you some details about the international student , also the accommodation and activities that are planned during this week .
 with reference to your letter which i received yesterday , i would like to give you some details about the international student conference , also the accommodation and activities that are planned during this week .
 the hotel that is booked for the students , it is one of the middle area , it has a great facilities and it is near to the place where the phone is going to be .
 the hotel that is booked for the students is one of the best in the area , it has very good facilities and it is situated near to the place where the conference is going to be .
 the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus and it is already booked for the next day you arrive , at 0:00 am .
 the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus and it is already booked for the day after you arrive , at 0:00 am .
 about the party which is just at the end of the world , a good party and it would be a general party and the students do n't really need to wear special clothes . it 's just to have a little little and meet all the students , after the small party , there is a small day for the old part of the old part of the least hour and i would be good hours before you have a good hours .
 about the party which is just at the end of the conference , a good it would be a dance party and the students do n't really need to wear special clothes , it 's just to have a little dance and meet all the students . after the party , there is a small trip to the old part of the city and i think it would be a good choice for spending the last three hours that you have left before going back .
 i hope this letter as complaints all your questions , if you want to know more about it just give me a call or send me a letter .
 i hope this letter answers all your questions , if you want to know more about it just give me a call or send me a letter .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 the aim of this report is to give some information about the new news developed buildings which was built 00 years ago and it is one of the buildings that was built with the latest technical world and made by a important cafeor .
 the aim of this report is to give some information about the new acapulco resort buildings which were built 00 years ago . they are some of the first buildings that were built with the latest technology and designed by an important mexican architect .
 in addition the arrival has an interesting fifteenth about cables and the best facilities and activities that you could have in brazil , for example , it provides different kinds of guided around unpredictable .
 in addition , the resort has an interesting historical background concerning the architecture and the best facilities and activities that you could have in mexico , for example , it provides different kinds of tours around mexico .
 conversely , it is far away from the city and it has difficult transport facilities .
 on the other hand it is far away from the city and it has difficult transport facilities .
 in spite of the disadvantages , i would strongly recommended to 0 and public to visit the new buildings buildings . and have a great experience related about history and at the same time travellinging around .
 in spite of the disadvantages , i would strongly recommend students and the public to visit the new acapulco resort buildings and have a great experience learning about the buildings ' history and at the same time travelling around mexico .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i am afraid to hear that mr. brown is ill i hope it wo n't be grave .
 i am sorry to hear that mr. brown is ill . i hope it is n't serious .
 however , i will be glad to give you as much information as you need and i hope you will find it helpful .
 however , i will be glad to give you as much information as you need and i hope you will find it helpful .
 the name of the hotel in which the group is going to stay in is saul , to get there you must go to the centre of town , all buses is going there , once you are in the centre of the speakers centre is right in front of the information .
 the name of the hotel in which the group is going to stay is the palace hotel . to get there you must go to the centre of town . all the buses go there . once you are in the centre , the palace hotel is right in front of the tourism information office .
 for the end - of - year party we have booked one of the halls of the hotel and they will provide us life a life music and cat .
 for the end - of - conference party we have booked one of the halls of the hotel and they will provide us with live music and catering .
 due the hotel is such a special place i would suggest to dress up on night clothes .
 due the hotel being such an elegant place i would suggest dressing up in evening dress .
 finally , to fill your free afternoon i would hardly recommend to visit the ticket and have a walk around the old part of the city , if you like it will be my pleasure to show you the audience .
 finally , to fill your free afternoon i would definitely recommend visiting the cathedral and having a walk around the old part of the city . if you want , it will be my pleasure to show you the area .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 amazingly are not only part of the ticket east , they are also objects of decoration and you can even find some in museums as art gallery .
 chairs are not only part of the furniture , they are also objects of decoration and you can even find some in museums where they are art objects .
 who could have invented such a useful item ?
 who could have invented such a useful item ?
 in fact , nobody got this clue , but it must have been the most clever person on earth !
 in fact , nobody has got an idea , but it must have been the most clever person on earth !
 the world is packed with so many disadvantages of chairs , from the ordinary ones to the most disastrous and comfort explaining , finding others finding finding finding finding finding a permanent range of prices .
 the world is packed with so many types of chairs , from the common wooden ones to the most sophisticated and comfortable others finding a basic range of prices .
 from my point of view the chair is without doubt the fact will be invented ever invented .
 from my point of view the chair is without a doubt the most useful gadget ever invented .
 some people use them in their work , others are stricter to get one by the end of the day and for some other people a while a chair of the cheque of heat .
 some people use them in their work , others wish to sit in one by the end of the day and for some other people a wheelchair represents the possibility of movement .
 although is worth say that no everybody can choose his ideal chair there is a special one for each of us .
 although it is worth saying that not everybody can choose his ideal chair there is a special one for each of us .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 thank you for your letter .
 i am glad to help you with the organisation of the normal .
 i am glad to help you with the organisation of the conference .
 i phoned the tourist information last week and i got some information about the accommodation of the students .
 i phoned the tourist information office last week and i got some information about the accommodation for the students .
 i think we should book at the lighting hotel .
 i think we should book the palace hotel .
 it is an exhausting building in the city centre .
 it is an outstanding building situated in the city centre .
 the hotel is in a good position , 00 minutes from the conferencing and i think the best way to attain it is on foot .
 the hotel is in a good position , 00 minutes ' walk from the conference , and i think the best way to reach it is on foot .
 i am sure the students will enjoy walking in the streets of the town .
 i am sure the students will enjoy walking in the streets of the town .
 the middle starts at 0 o'clock in the afternoon and finishes at 0 pm .
 the conference starts at 0 o'clock in the afternoon and finishes at 0 pm .
 i think they should wear smart dress , because there will be lots of interesting people and important meeting .
 i think they should wear smart clothes , because there will be lots of interesting people and it is an important meeting .
 in conclusion , for the last day , i thought it will be very interesting for the students to visit the town and appreciate its monuments and art .
 in conclusion , for the last day , i thought it would be very interesting for the students to visit the town and admire its monuments and art .
 on the other hand , if you prefer to have a relaxing day , you could have a shower - player in the wonderful park .
 on the other hand , if you prefer to have a relaxing day , you could have a picnic in the wonderful park .
 i hope my suggestion and idea will help you organise the meeting .
 i hope my suggestion and ideas will help you to organise the meeting .
 i look forward to receiving your reply .
 i look forward to receiving your confirmation .
 yours ,
 yours ,
 report :
 report :
 to : mr
 to : mr
 from :
 from :
 date : 00st june 0000
 date : 00st june 0000
 introduction :
 introduction :
 as requested , the aim of this report is to assess the suit for a group of american students for the visit at the camp museum .
 as requested , the aim of this report is to assess the suitability for a group of american students of the visit to the etruscan museum .
 general information :
 general information :
 the museum is situated in the centre of peace , medicine , the ticket village on the fifteenth dome .
 the museum is situated in the centre of populoniou , the picturesque fishing village on the etruscan coast .
 surely guess , it is about 00 km from peace and it can be reached by well - organised means of transport .
 populoniou is about 00 km . from piombino and it can be reached by a well - organised means of transport .
 :
 description :
 the terrible museum is one of the most attractive building in my town .
 the etruscan museum is one of the most attractive buildings in my town .
 it contains lots of reached plains and some peace about the ticket piece of pictures .
 it contains lots of archaeological etruscans founded and some remains from the estruscans ' necropolis .
 the entrance is  0 student .
 the entrance fee is  0 for each student .
 positive aspects
 positive aspects
 0 . the museum is well organised for tourists .
 0 . the museum is well organised for tourists .
 there are some shops , caf and elegant .
 there are some shops , a caf and toilets .
 also there are some free hand , which explain that the history of the museum .
 also there are some free headphones that explain the history of the museum .
 0 .
 0 .
 after their visit into the museum , they could enjoy the superb view of the sea and the ticket , and they could have a profesional - on the beach .
 after their visit to the museum , they could enjoy the superb view of the sea and the tuscan archipelago , and they could have a picnic on the beach .
 negative aspects
 negative aspects
 0 .
 0 .
 the negative aspect of the museum is that is quite expensive for students .
 the negative aspect of the museum is that it is quite expensive for students .
 conclusion :
 conclusion :
 although the entrance fee is quite expensive for a group of students , i strongly recommend it for their excursion and their interests .
 although the entrance fee is quite expensive for a group of students , i strongly recommend it for their excursion and because of their interests .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to give you some information asked in your letter , which i received this morning .
 i am writing to give you some information that you asked for in your letter , which i received this morning .
 your group has been booked in portugal , which is one of the most comfortable hotels in london .
 your group has been booked into the palace hotel which is one of the most comfortable hotels in london .
 personally , i am glad that you will have this opportunity to use its various facilities .
 personally , i am glad that you will have this opportunity to use its various facilities .
 it is based in the city centre and is about half an hour by underground from the court .
 it is located in the city centre and is about half an hour by underground from the conference .
 in my opinion the easiest way to get there from the brings would be by taking the lighting line .
 in my opinion the easiest way to get there from the conference would be by taking the picadelly line .
 however , you will take bus earlier , if you would like to have a look at the city centre and you have some free time also .
 however you could take bus number 000 , if you would like to have a look at the city centre and you also have some free time .
 regarding the end - of - year parties , i would suggest to wear some dress for a woman and an elegant suit suit suit for a man , though it is no formal do .
 regarding the end - of - conference party , i would suggest wearing a dress for a woman and an elegant suit for a man , though it is not a formal do .
 the party will finish quite late so we decided to provide a bus which will take you to the hotel .
 the party will finish quite late , so we 've decided to provide a bus which will take you to the hotel safely .
 scientists , during the three hour time in the afternoon nobody is able to visit all of interesting places of london .
 basically , during three hours in the afternoon nobody is able to visit all of the interesting places in london .
 however , you would have a long walk along the river to take some essential photos .
 however , you could take a long walk along the river to take some essential photos .
 i look forward to receiving you .
 i look forward to welcoming you .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 are you always happy when your telephone ring ?
 are you always happy when your telephone rings ?
 as far as i am concerned the telephone was invented in the 00th century .
 as far as i know , the telephone was invented in the 00th century .
 it has been affecting our lives very quickly , although there were some different ways of communication as tv , for instance .
 it affected our lives very quickly , although there are some different means of communication such as tv , for instance .
 since the internet was introduced , many of us would n't have imagined the lives without this .
 since the internet was introduced , many of us ca n't imagine life without it .
 we were able to have our own telephone kept in our pocket in our pocket some time .
 we have even been able to have our own telephone kept in our pocket for some time .
 however , are you always happy when your personal phone rang .
 however , are you always happy when your personal phone rings ?
 on the other hand i wonder whether you have experienced some situations when you wo n't have your mobile switched on .
 i wonder whether you have experienced some situations when you would n't have your mobile switched on .
 this invention has affected my life completely .
 this invention has changed my life completely .
 since i have been travelling around the world i would have imagined in tough with my family or friends without the internet or my mobile phone .
 since i have been travelling around the world , i would have imagined being in touch with my family or friends without the internet or my mobile phone .
 in spite of having the opportunity of keeping contact with friends at the time we are far away from home , we should have been knowledge how to use it without others .
 in spite of having the opportunity of keeping in contact with friends at times when we are far away from home , we should know how to use it without disturbing others .
 dear maria :
 dear maria :
 thank you for your letter .
 thank you for your letter .
 i will be pleasure to help you .
 it will be pleasure to help you .
 the following is some information about the international student participate .
 the following is some information about the international student conference .
 the party will take place in portugal hotel .
 the party will be in the palace hotel .
 the hotel is very close town hall .
 the hotel is very close to the town hall .
 from park , just go straight .
 from park square , just go straight .
 you can see the sign of hotel .
 you can see the sign for the hotel .
 this is a international student party , so i suggest you wear looks on clothes .
 this is an international student party , so i suggest you wear traditional costume .
 it looks nice and have good meaning .
 it looks nice and has good meaning .
 you can notice every students what they could make some decorating food to the party .
 you can inform all the students that they can take some traditional food to the party .
 after meal , you can play some games and prepare some gift to the winner .
 after the meal , you can play some games and prepare a prize for the winner .
 at the end of sunday you can dance and singing together .
 at the end of the conference you can dance and sing together .
 there is my suggestion about this party .
 these are my suggestions for this party .
 if you still have some problem , you can call me .
 if you still have a problem , you can call me .
 love from ,
 love from ,
 report building of university
 report on the luton university building
 i heard that a group of america students just arrived in our town .
 i heard that a group of american students has just arrived in our town .
 i want to introduce an interesting building for them to visit .
 i want to introduce an interesting building for them to visit .
 it is main building of university at park .
 it is the main building of luton university in park square .
 there is a academic building .
 it is an academic building .
 it reminds 's a library .
 it includes a library ,
 suit , academic rooms a gym club and a rest - day .
 ii suit , academic rooms , a gym club and a restaurant .
 there is a very big effect .
 there is a very big library .
 you can find any information from it what you want .
 you can find any information from it that you want .
 at the rest of time , you can go to it suit use the internet .
 for the rest of the time , you can go to the it suite to use the internet .
 if you feel hungry , you do n't need gone out .
 if you feel hungry , you do n't need to go out .
 just at the same building , you could find a restaurant apparently .
 just in the same building , you can find a restaurant .
 i recommended this controversial to visit .
 i recommend visiting this building .
 because american students will know british students is how to study and different life .
 because american students will know british students is how to study and different campus life .
 they can also talk with british students to describe our studies .
 they can also talk with british students to communicate study experience .
 i think it will be interesting for american students .
 i think it will be interesting for american students .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing with reference on your letter concerning an organization of an international student 's international arts college .
 i am writing with reference to your letter concerning the organization of an international student conference at wimbledon art college .
 below i am a cheque some information you asked for about .
 below i provide some information you asked about .
 first of all , i would like to give you more information about name and location of the hotel .
 first of all , i would like to give you more information about the name and location of the hotel .
 the group has been booked into " maria " hotel " hotel which is situated on the centre of wine called village .
 the group has been booked into the " maria luisa " hotel , which is situated in the centre of wimbledon called wimbledon village .
 this hotel is the next building after art college , so it will be easy for your group to find the place .
 this hotel is the next building after the art college , so it will be easy for your group to find the place .
 secondly , the end - of - 's parties , it is planned to be in common - nice piece of england nature .
 secondly turning to the end - of - conference party , it is meant to be on wimbledon common - a nice piece of english countryside .
 so , it may be a good idea to take some very comfortable and dry clothes .
 so , it may be a good idea to wear very comfortable and informal clothes .
 thirdly , talking about your free afternoon before leaving the area , i would suggest you to visit the service of tennis .
 thirdly , talking about your free afternoon before leaving the area , i would suggest you visit the wimbledon museum of tennis .
 where is quite good down their , giving interesting information about the history of an passion tournaments .
 there is quite a good exhibition there , giving interesting information about the history of wimbledon tennis tournaments .
 i look forward to meeting your group in our development .
 i look forward to meeting your group at our conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 report .
 report .
 introduction :
 introduction :
 the purpose of this report is to give a briefert waste of the academy of art in st . anne st .
 the purpose of this report is to give a brief description of the academy of art in st petersburg .
 from my point of view this building is the best option to visit .
 in my opinion this building is the best place to visit .
 location :
 location :
 this building is situated on the magnificent of visiting river river with an excellent basis on the price of the ticket museum .
 this building is situated on the magnificent bank of the niva river with an excellent view of the hermitage museum .
 history :
 history :
 the building was built by a very peaceful , russian paper and is a peasant example of russian classical century 's headmaster 's century of the tv century .
 the building was built by a very famous russian architect and is a marvellous example of russian classic architecture of the xviii century .
 facilities :
 facilities :
 in the academy of art you can find the old - the art latest scenery with a wide range of books , the museum of art galleries with a huge of painting , and hundreds of putting from early to a gorgeous - five centuries .
 in the academy of art you can find the oldest art library , with a wide range of books , and the museum of russian art , with a huge collection of paintings , sculpture and architectural projects from the early eighteenth to late twentieth centuries .
 it is also a good chance to be introduced with russian system of art education .
 it is also a good opportunity to be introduced to the russian system of art education .
 conclusion :
 conclusion :
 the building of academy in art , and depressed . depressed is worth visiting and interesting as guitars as poor aspects .
 the building of the academy of art in st petersburg is worth visiting and interesting because of its historic and educational aspects .
 dear mrs smith :
 dear mrs smith ,
 i have received your letter which informs me you are now in charge of the group of students attending the international knowledge .
 i have received your letter which informs me you are now in charge of the group of students attending the international conference .
 it is my pleasure to help you with the information you need .
 it is my pleasure to help you with the information you need .
 your group has been booked into the age hotel , located , located on high street , opposite to the post office .
 your group has been booked into the palace hotel , located on the high street , opposite the post office .
 the development will be held in the royal hall , and the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus .
 the conference will be held in the royal hall , and the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus .
 take the 00 minutes and it will take you just in front of the future hall .
 take the 00 route and it will take you just in front of the royal hall .
 the end - of - year will be held in the public restaurant , just by the royal hall .
 the end - of - conference party will be hold in francescos restaurant , just by the royal hall .
 you should wear casual clothes .
 you should wear casual clothes .
 about what you can do in the area for the free time you have , i suggest you to visit the modern art museum , which has now a new exhibition .
 about what you can do in the area in the free time you have , i would suggest you visit the modern art museum which now has a new exhibition .
 another suggestion could be to visit the zoo , or just walk through the centuries which are beautiful in this time of the year .
 another suggestion could be to visit the zoo , or just walk through spring gardens , which are beautiful at this time of the year .
 i hope all this information is helpful for you .
 i hope all this information is helpful for you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 the telephone : a great invention .
 the telephone : a great invention .
 imagine your life without a telephone .
 imagine your life without a telephone .
 yes , i know , it is just hard to imagine our lives without this invention .
 yes , i know , it is very hard to imagine our lives without this invention .
 think about the people living in the time it was invented .
 think about the people living at the time it was invented .
 must have been such a exciting thing being able to talk to someone living thousands of the ticket for peace and now for us is just as simple as a number and talk to the storm we want to .
 it must have been such an exciting thing being able to talk to someone living thousands of miles away ........ and now for us it is just as simple as dialling a number and talking to whoever we want to .
 of course is nice to have a phone conversation with friends or family , but the telephone is also very important for business and behaviour .
 of course it is nice to have a phone conversation with friends or family , but the telephone is also very important for business and emergencies .
 for example , i work for a bank , and we need to have a weekly with our director living living kilometres away far , and he does n't have to come here , we just have a phone where everybody can talks , and that is it !
 for example , i work for a bank , and we need to have weekly meetings with our director living 000 kilometres away , and he does n't have to come here , we just have a phone conference where everybody can talk , and that is it !
 what about emergencies ?
 what about emergencies ?
 a phone call in time for an ambulance can save life of many people having a heart attack .
 a phone call in time for an ambulance can save the lives of many people having a heart attack .
 we sometimes do n't realize the importance of some inventions we use in our everyday life .
 we sometimes do n't realize the importance of some inventions we use in our everyday life .
 but think .... , what would we do without them !
 but think .... what would we do without them !
 dear mrs maria .
 dear mrs maria ,
 i am one of all students and i am going to give you some information , all you need .
 i am one of the students and i am going to give you some information , all you need .
 we have been booked the hotel for you and the name of hotel is " bon hotel " quite near shopping centre .
 we have booked the hotel for you and the name of the hotel is the " palace hotel " , it is quite near the shopping centre .
 it is not far a ever , you just go along the park road of ten minutes .
 it is not far away . you just go along park road for about ten minutes .
 then you will arrive at the news on the left hand of you .
 then you will arrive at the palace hotel , which is on the left - hand side .
 about the end - of - stories party .
 regarding the end - of - conference party .
 we are going to have dinner before the end and at the end we are going to bring you to the hotel , you need to wear a night - dress or suit and suit - supplyer .
 we are going to have a dinner before the end and at the end we are going to take you to the hotel . you need to wear an evening dress or suit and bow tie .
 finally , on the last day you have three hours before you catch the plane so we suggestion , you can go shopping centre and buy something for your special person or go to calm because this innovations is the biggest world in now it is up to you .
 finally , on the last day you have three hours before you catch the plane so we suggest you go to the shopping centre and buy something for your special person or go to the museum because this museum is the biggest in the world now . it is up to you .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 to group leader
 to group leader
 i am the student leader . we are great thankful that your group has just arrived so i am going to give information about an interesting building to visit .
 i am the student leader . we are pleased that your group has arrived so i am going to give you information about an interesting building to visit .
 we recommend you go to a holiday .
 we recommend you go to the bbc building .
 first of all , about building is the news building of england .
 first of all , the bbc building is the news building of england .
 on the ground floor , they have a video everywhere around the building and police walk around the building as well .
 on the ground floor , they have video cameras everywhere around the building and police officers walk around the building as well .
 up to the first floor , they have a huge radio room , for sending and the information all over the world because they have a small building all over the world either ;
 on the first floor , they have a huge radio room , for sending and receiving information from all over the world , because they have small bbc buildings all over the world also ;
 for example , thailand , united of america , america , communications , and canada .
 for example , thailand , the united states of america , indonesia and canada .
 and the second floor is the news room where they get on - air to show on the tv . that is not finished , i just give you some information but they have more interesting thing you do not know .
 and the second floor is the newsroom where they go on air on the t.v. that is not everything . i have just given you a little information but they have more interesting things you do not know about .
 i recommend you this building because this building is the main london and this building is the second beautiful building in london so that why i recommend you this building .
 i recommend this building because this building is the main of london and this building is the second most beautiful building in london so that is why i recommend this building .
 from leader student .
 from the student leader .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 thank you very much for your letter .
 thank you very much for your letter .
 i would be very pleased if i can help you answer your questions .
 i will be very pleased if i can help you with all your enquiries .
 the hotel which your students ' group has been booked into is the rain hotel .
 the hotel which your students ' group has been booked into is the palace hotel .
 it is easier to get there from the development .
 it is fairly easy to get there from the conference .
 i would suggest you walk along along new street , which is the next one next to river , and in 00 minutes , you will see the hotel in your right hand .
 i would suggest you walk along new street , which is the one next to the river , and in 00 minutes you will see the hotel on your right - hand side .
 the hotel is just opposite to the city hospital .
 the hotel is just opposite the city hospital .
 as you already possibly know , the end of - exchange party will take place at the main reception room at the same hotel .
 as you possibly already know , the end - of - conference party will take place in the main reception room at the same hotel .
 you should be there by 0 o'clock in the evening .
 you should be there by 0 o'clock in the evening .
 answer your question question , you should be fine wearing casual clothes .
 to answer your question , you should be fine wearing casual clothes .
 however , if you wish to dress , there is no problem at all .
 however , if you wish to dress smarter , there is no problem at all .
 with reference to the last afternoon , if i were you i would visit the city .
 with reference to the last afternoon , if i were you i would visit the city museum .
 there are many interesting work of art by famous painters of this country .
 there are many interesting works of art by famous painters of this country .
 if you have any time left you ought to go to the high street , where you could go shopping .
 if you have any time left you ought to go to the high street , where you could go shopping .
 please , do not hesitate to contact me in the above address if you need any further information .
 please , do not hesitate to contact me at the above address if you need any further information .
 i look forward to meeting you at the courts .
 i look forward to meeting you at the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 inventions have affected all our lives !
 inventions have affected all our lives !
 the invention without no doubt , that has affected my own life by far is the car .
 without any doubt the invention that has affected my own life the most is the car .
 cars have definitely changed all our lives , and i am not fun only in a positive way , but in a negative way as well .
 cars have definitely changed all our lives , and i am not referring only in a positive way , but in a negative way as well .
 picture this : a big city such as london or new york with no cars on their streets .
 picture this : a big city such as london or new york with no cars on their streets .
 could you imagine it ?
 can you imagine it ?
 to be honest , i ca n't .
 to be honest , i ca n't .
 cars are part of our daily lives .
 cars are part of our daily lives .
 traffic makes people , sometimes really upset and embarrassed .
 traffic jams make people irritable , and sometimes really upset and violent .
 but , anyway , people use cars .
 but people use cars , anyway .
 if we do n't use them we suffer from them .
 if we do n't use them we suffer because of them .
 in my case i use public transport during the week to go to work but i could hardly imagine my weekends without my car car .
 in my case i use public transport during the week to go to work but i could hardly imagine my weekends without my beloved car .
 i really need it to escape from pollution , mainly caused by cars and any other fashionable - renewable - renewabletery cure .
 i really need it to escape from the pollution , mainly caused by cars and other four - wheel motor vehicles .
 is n't that any patience ?
 is n't that ironic ?
 to go to the countryside and being able to breathe breathe breathe , non - polluted air , i use my car , which , as far as i am concerned did not help to a comparison air at all .
 to go to the countryside and be able to breathe fresh , unpolluted air , i use my car , which , in my opinion , does not help to maintain a clean atmosphere at all .
 therefore i am thinking in selling my car , which has changed my life over the last 00 years , which has given me a kind of freedom , which has gone with me to all sorts of places , and changed my life for a new life : nuclear car nuclear car .
 therefore i am thinking of selling my car , which has changed my life over the last 00 years , which has given me a kind of freedom , which has gone with me to all sorts of fantastic places , and changed my life for a new life : without a car .
 dear mrs smith .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i have just received your letter .
 i have just received your letter .
 it was very sorry to throw brown .
 it was very sad news about richard brown .
 i have given a lot of the international student .
 i have given a lot of information about the international student conference .
 firstly , the consequences will take place in the classrooms hotel and we get from our college to there by bus .
 firstly , the conference will take place in the palace hotel and we get from our college to there by bus .
 film 00 bus runs to there every 0 minutes .
 number 00 bus goes there every 0 minutes .
 it takes 00 minutes that it is convenient to us .
 it takes 00 minutes , which is convenient for us .
 secondly , there are some programme that are very great .
 secondly , there are some items on the programme that are great .
 first time , the 's head make a short speech and then we have dinner dinner and drinks .
 first of all , the conference 's head makes a short speech and then we have dinner and drinks .
 finally we enjoy a disco party so you wear a unforgettable dress .
 finally we enjoy a disco party so you should wear a suitable dress .
 on the last day i go to your house and then we think about our 's jealous .
 on the last day i will go to your house and then we think about our 's conference plane .
 i hope it will be a successful consequences .
 i hope it will be a successful conference .
 see you soon .
 see you soon .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
 alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
 alice and jane came back her home .
 alice and jane came back home .
 alice is jane 's boyfriend .
 alice is jane 's boyfriend .
 in the morning they had met and then they went to beach .
 in the morning they met and then they went to the beach .
 it was nice weather and beautiful time .
 it was nice weather and they had a beautiful time .
 in the evening they were going to the disco that was jane 's friend 's birthday party .
 in the evening they were going to the disco party that was jane 's friend 's birthday party .
 jane suddenly thought about her house key that left inside her house and alice could see her house and he found the bathroom was suspension .
 jane suddenly thought about her house key that she had left inside her house and alice could see her house and he found the bathroom window was open .
 so he innocently on the face up to the window and he opened the door but came there " what happened ? "
 so he climbed on the ladder up to the window and he opened the door but policemen came there " what happened ? "
 jane expelled that situations and they under him .
 jane explained that situation and they understood her .
 so they could go to the disco party .
 so they could go to the disco party .
 it was a very wonderful party and they have never forget that day .
 it was a very wonderful party and they have never forgotten that day .
 it was a very special day .
 it was a very very special day .
 dear mrs maria smith :
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to give you the information that you asked me for .
 i am writing to give you the information that you asked me for .
 the group has been booked into the administration hotel .
 the group has been booked into the harris hotel .
 this hotel is very good taste .
 this hotel is very well placed .
 from there you can get a taxi , catch the buses seven and , which both have you very close to the conferencing place , and also you can go by underground there .
 from there you can get a taxi , catch the number seven and eleven buses , which both take you very close to the conference centre , and also you can go by underground to get there .
 the topical starts at 0:00 pm and it finishes at 0:00 .
 the conference starts at 0:00 pm and it finishes at 0:00 pm .
 then , after the once , there will be a formal party at the group 's hotel , which starts at 0:00 pm and finishes at 00:00 am .
 then , after the conference , there will be a formal party at the group 's hotel , which starts at 0:00 pm and finishes at 00:00 midnight .
 this party is a formal one , so you should be casual .
 this party is a formal one , so you should not be casually dressed .
 in this area you could visit the central park .
 in this area you can visit the central park .
 it is very beautiful and a very good place to relax .
 it is very beautiful and a very good place to relax .
 another place that would be interesting to visit is the old - day of the city .
 another place that would be interesting to visit is the old cathedral of the city .
 i hope this information could be useful for you .
 i hope this information will be useful for you .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 kwa court
 hampton court palace
 introduction :
 introduction :
 i have been asked for the information on an interesting building to visit .
 i have been asked for information on an interesting building to visit .
 i went to the last year , and i think it is a great place to visit .
 i went to hampton court last year , and i think it is a great place to visit .
 location :
 location :
 00. is local suits in court - mails .
 hampton court palace is located in hampton court .
 in addition to that , i think this town is wonderful and it has a unbelievable beauty .
 i think this town is wonderful and it has a magical beauty .
 transport :
 transport :
 to get to simmer , you need to take a train from train station station .
 to get to hampton court palace , you need to take a train from waterloo train station .
 from there the trains to collect court .
 from there , the trains to hampton court depart .
 moreover , i think by train is the best way to get there , because a train is very close to court an piece of colleagues .
 moreover , i think going by train is the best way to get there , because hampton court train station is very close to hampton court palace .
 price :
 price :
 there is a great price for children , students , adults and families .
 there is a great price for children , students , adults and families .
 they are between three and six pounds each .
 tickets are between three and six pounds each .
 conclusion :
 conclusion :
 surely walked works is a building with lots of history and interesting things to see .
 hampton court palace is a building with lots of history and interesting things to see .
 and also it would be an excellent chance for this group of american students to see it .
 and also this would be an excellent chance for this group of american students to see it .
 to : mrs. smith
 to : mrs. smith
 thank you for your letter , which arrived on second .
 thank you for your letter , which arrived on the second of
 june .
 june .
 i am very pleased to organize this matter in our college , which will hold at the centre of the ticket at least college starting on 00th june for 0 days .
 i am very pleased to help to organize this conference in our college , which will be held at the conference centre at bromley college starting on 00th june for 0 days .
 please find information your required as follows :
 please find the information you requested as follows :
 we booked the hotel for the group .
 we have booked the hotel for the group .
 called " los hotel " which is about 00 payment away from our college , the hotel will have a coach to pick the group up from the airport on 00th of june and then take the group to complain and return to every day .
 it is the " palace hotel " , which is about 00 miles away from our college . the hotel will have a coach to pick the group up from the airport on the 00th of june and then take the group to the conference and return to the hotel every day .
 regarding the end - of - a lot of party .
 regarding the end - of - conference party .
 we have planned a barbecue at 0 pm . on our most remarkable play , which is over looking the endless countryside and elegant - day .
 we have planned a barbecue for 0 oo pm on our most idyllic playing field , which overlooks the endless countryside and farms .
 at 0:00pm .
 at 0:00pm
 we can move to our student hall to have a disc dance until 00:00 .
 we can move to our student hall to have a disco dance until 00:00pm .
 on the last day , we have arranged a small party in the hotel , then we all set up to have a sightseeing town , for about two hours before you leave for mad .
 for the last day , we have arranged a small party in the hotel . then we all set off to go on a sightseeing tour of bromley town centre for about two hours before you leave for the airport .
 surely centre is the most beautiful shopping centre in south books london .
 bromley town centre is the most beautiful shopping centre in south east london .
 there are many historical buildings remain remain .
 there are many historic buildings .
 i think the students will enjoy this sightseeing .
 i think the students will enjoy this sightseeing tour .
 if any further discussion , please let me know .
 if any further discussion , please let me know .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 how wonderful " light "
 how wonderful " light "
 we needed light every day , not just night .
 we need light every day , not just at nighttime .
 we needed cash light in offices or schools or some places during the day .
 we need lamplight in offices and schools and other places during the daytime .
 how is the wonderful life after invention the light .
 how wonderful life is since the invention of electric light .
 here we just talk about the light we invented apart from nature light .
 here we are just talking about the light we invented apart from natural light .
 when i was small , we lived in country , i comforts , we used to the dissatisfaction which made a plane in the small amount of the small amount in the small bottle and made it copied the coast of the speakers to give us light the night , it was very little light , and many light , and we could n't remember it was very small because we could n't remember the small light was very small light .
 when i was small , we lived in country yard . i remember , we used to have oil lamps which used a cotton string dipping in the oil in the small bottle and made it burned the tip of the cotton string to give us light during the night . it gave very little light , and there were many things we could n't do in the light from the oil lamps because the light range was very small .
 there was no light outside outside our house , no light on the road or field either .
 there was not any light outside our house , and no light on the road or field either .
 i was always very scared whenever or wherever . because most places .
 i was always very scared whenever or wherever i was , because most places .
 covered by dark , dark and dark .
 covered by dark , dark and dark .
 this terrible dark dark is still affecting my life now .
 this scary dark is still affecting my life now .
 i never stayed out after dark today except by my family .
 i never stay out after dark today except accompanying by my family .
 what a biggest person on the earth , who invented the light , light was .
 what a big person einstein was , who invented light .
 he created another day time after mad , people use it to do anything they want to do , we believe we ca n't live without light today , especially in the city life , we have a long time to spend the activities after going to bed to bed .
 he created another day after sunset . people use it to do anything they want to do . we believe we ca n't live without light today , especially in the city . we have a long time to spend on our activities after the sun goes to bed .
 which we definitely need light to keep on . i dare to say , without light , our life will go into a dark , dark hell .
 we definitely need light to keep on . i dare say , without light , our life would go into a dark , dark hell .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to you to reply to your question about the list in london . thank you for your letter .
 i am writing to you to answer your question about the conference in london . thank you for your letter .
 i am very pleased to know you decided to go to the " international schools of human " which will be celebrated celebrated in the hall college lasted next 00 of june .
 i am very pleased to know you decided to come to the " second international conference on human rights " which will be held at albert hall college on 00 june .
 i would like to inform you that the group you belong to , has been booked in july , in the centre of london , from the 00 june until the 00 of june .
 i would like to inform you that the group you belong to has been booked into the palace hotel in the centre of london from the 00th of june until the 00th of june .
 the albert hall , the building where will take part in the sentences is near green park ; so , to get it from the middle , you can take the bus number of the 00 minutes , otherwise , you can take the middle rays from south - jitsu bombs , microphones , microphones , enclosing of beans , instance station .
 the albert hall college , the building where the conference will be held is situated near green park avenue . to get to it from the palace hotel , you can take the number 00 bus , otherwise , you can take the picadilly line from south kensigton station to green park station .
 it takes about 00 minutes .
 it takes about 00 minutes
 therefore , that 's the faster means of transport you can choose .
 , that 's the quickest means of transport you can choose .
 the development will start at 0 am of june and will finish for 0 pm in the same day .
 the conference will start at 0 am on 00 june and will finish about 0 pm on the same day .
 during the day it is supposed to have a break of half and hour at 00 p.m and finally , a party for all the people who will be there .
 during the day you are supposed to have a break of half an hour at 00 noon and finally , there will be a party for all the people who will be there .
 that will be a smart party and because of this , it will be required a well - dressed and passion .
 that will be a formal party and because of this , you will be required to be smartly dressed .
 forms should wear an evening dress and peace - shirt a dark suit suit .
 ladies should wear an evening dress and gentlemen a dark suit .
 as i can see from your letter , you will have about three hours before you catch your plane , so , i suggest suggest visiting the middle of the , where you will find several interesting pictures such as a few exercise 's cafe .
 as i can see from your letter , you will have about three hours before you catch your plane , so , i would suggest you visit the tate modern museum , where you will find several interesting pictures such as dalis and warhols .
 if you need some more information or details about the phone , you can contact a shower on 0000 , * phone phone .
 if you need some more information or details about the conference , you can contact alexia on 0000 * * * .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 introduction
 introduction
 the aim of this report is give some suggestions to a group of american students who has just arrived in rome and want some information about an interesting building to visit .
 the aim of this report is to give some suggestions to a group of american students who have just arrived in rome and want some information about an interesting building to visit .
 rome is a big city where they can find several moments and important buildings , for this reason i would suggest them to visit .
 rome is a big city where they can find several moments and important buildings , for this reason i would suggest they visit :
 0 ) " 0gh , " recommended in friday , in the centre of rome .
 0 ) " fontana di trevi " sited in trevis square in the centre of rome .
 that 's a small licence where there is a lot very big .
 that 's a small square where there is a very big fountain .
 it was built by can definitely in 0000 .
 it was built by the architect canovas in 0000 .
 that is the lighting which " fifth " film " film was taken place .
 that is the fountain in which the film " dolce vita " took place .
 0 ) for other hand , there is a wet building , that is a museum where they can find the most important sport and pictures of repair can patience and , entertainment , who stayed for a long time in a while .
 0 ) on the other hand , there is the villa borghese building . that is a museum where they can find the most important sculptures and pictures of antonio canovas and , bernini , who lived for a long time in rome .
 conclusion
 conclusion
 i would recommend them the buildings because :
 i would recommend to them these buildings because :
 0 ) first of all , there are recommended in the centre of rome so , they can take a bus to get them and move around the city .
 0 ) first of all , they are located in the centre of rome so they can take a bus to get to them move and around the city .
 0 ) secondly , they can enjoy visiting museums , and afterwards they can take something to eat or to drink in the " pipe ' and restaurants near these famous places .
 0 ) secondly , they can enjoy visiting museums , and afterwards they can have something to eat or to drink in the " pizzerias ' and restaurants near these famous places .
 in conclusion , they could jump art , the history and the night knows one only place without spending much money .
 in conclusion , they could combine art , history and nightlife by visiting only one place and without spending much money .
 dear marie ,
 dear marie ,
 i am sorry to hear that our friend mr brown is ill .
 i am sorry to hear that our friend mr brown is ill .
 as our development is due to start next week i opened away .
 as our conference is due to start next week i will respond straight away .
 there are some information you have asked me about .
 there is some information you have asked me about .
 we booked rooms for your group at the administration hotel .
 we booked rooms for your group at the palace hotel .
 that is the best option because it is placed less than 0 minutes walk from the middle centre .
 that is the best option because it is situated less than 0 minutes ' walk from the conference centre .
 when you live a hotel you have to turn right and you wrote the street .
 when you leave the hotel you have to turn right and you bloun the street .
 at the first traffic lights turn around and you should see a big blue building .
 at the first traffic lights turn right again and you should see a big blue building .
 that 's affecting our center .
 that 's our conference centre .
 at the hotel , you will find printed information how to get over there .
 at the hotel reception you will find printed information about how to get there .
 as you know at the end of - conferencing there is a party .
 as you know at the end of the conference there is a party .
 the party is due to start at 0 p.m until 0 a.m. there is 0nd break from the end of jealous and party .
 the party is due to start at 0 p.m . and will last until 0 a.m. there is a 0hr break between the end of the conference and the party .
 at this time you and your group can relax yourself .
 at this time you and your group can refresh yourselves .
 i would like to mention that because our development is dress that is organised - breathtaking party .
 i would like to mention that because our conference that is dress - code party .
 hope you will enjoy it .
 i hope you will enjoy it .
 we prepared some special attraction like live dance music and hot or cold .
 we prepared some special attractions , like live dance music and a hot and cold buffet .
 about you 're the last question i can explain to visit the royal castle .
 regarding your last question i can suggest visiting the royal castle .
 that will give you and your guests an impression about our country and history .
 that will give you and your guests an impression about our country and history .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 in our town there is so many interesting places to see that there is hard to choose one .
 in our town there are so many interesting places to see that it is hard to choose one .
 in my opinion the most interesting is the castle .
 in my opinion the most interesting is the castle .
 it is placed on a hill so it is very easy to recognize when it is it .
 it is situated on a hill so it is very easy to see where it is .
 just look up and you will see that huge building .
 just look up and you will see that huge building .
 actually it is a whole complex , the old and the new castle , electronic age and the most interesting under world part of its passion in it 's amazing .
 actually it is a whole complex , the old and the new castle , the cathedral and the very interesting underground part with its amazing crypts .
 and if you climbed on the top of the main tower - the keep will you will see unforgettable view on a white licence .
 and if you climb to the top of the main tower - the keep - you will see unforgettable views of a white town .
 after that you can explore our great museum at the old castle .
 after that you can explore our great museum at the old castle .
 you will find there an amazing collection of old , the arm and , we are especially , of it , the great collection of heat .
 you will find there an amazing collection of old weapons , armour and , we are especially proud of it , the great collection of swords .
 after that i am sure you will be happy to find a few at the new castle .
 after that i am sure you will be happy to find a few restaurants located at the new castle .
 i am sure that it should be ready for one day trip .
 i am sure that should be enough for a one - day trip .
 for you information i can say that at this time we have five weeks 's festival and this night there will be a great deal .
 for your information i can say that at this time we have a five - week festival and that night there will be a great display .
 that should complete that amazing day .
 that should complete an amazing day .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing this letter in reply to your letter , which arrived yesterday .
 i am writing this letter in reply to your letter which arrived yesterday .
 i do welcome you and your group , and i am willing to help you with giving the information that you asked me .
 i do welcome you and your group , and i am willing to help you by giving the information that you have asked me for .
 firstly , let me explain the way from the telephone hotel , where your group will be staying , to the consequences .
 firstly , let me explain the route from the palace hotel , where your group will be staying , to the conference .
 the hotel is located in the centre of seoul , therefore there many ways to get to the courts .
 the hotel is located in the centre of seoul , therefore there are many ways to get to the conference .
 the easiest way to get there is to take the underground , which takes about 00 minutes .
 the easiest way to get there is to take the underground , which takes about 00 minutes .
 the map will be given to you on the day of your arrival .
 the map will be given to you on the day of your arrival .
 secondly , the end - of - year will be held in the fifteenth centuries 's per room and starts at 0 o'clock in the evening .
 secondly , the end - of - conference party will be held in the palace hotel 's percel room and starts at 0 o'clock in the evening .
 surely kim from my college is going to give a speech , and after that dinner will be served .
 professor kim from my college is going to give a speech , and after that dinner will be served .
 the party is not very formal , so you can wear any kind of dress , as long as it is suitable for dinner .
 the party is not very formal , so you can wear any kind of dress , as long as it is suitable for dinner .
 finally , i would like you to recommend the visit to a traditional japanese east , for the last day 's free time .
 finally , i would like to recommend the visit to a traditional korean palace kyong bok for the last day 's free time .
 it must be a very interesting visit for the students who has never experienced an hush atmosphere .
 it must be a very interesting visit for the students who have never experienced an oriental atmosphere .
 it is just 0 minutes walk from the hotel , and in front of the hotel , an airport will be ill for you to take to the airport after finishing the 0 minutes .
 it is just 0 minutes walk from the hotel , and in front of the hotel gate , an airport bus will be waiting for you to take you to the airport after finishing the outing .
 i hope you will enjoy your stay in korea , and do not hesitate to contact me for any further information .
 i hope you will enjoy your stay in korea , and do not hesitate to contact me for any further information .
 i look forward to seeing you soon ,
 i look forward to seeing you soon ,
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 .
 .
 report on the amount of 0.00 - the ticket of hundreds .
 report on kyoung bok palace - the glory of chosun kingdom .
 .
 .
 introduction .
 introduction .
 this report provides the information about visiting east , thanks , which is a doctor to visit for visitors from foreign countries .
 this report provides the information about kyong bok palace , which is highly recommended for visitors from foreign countries to visit .
 it reminds the cleaning history and the interest of young people , and makes a final recommendation .
 it highlights the background history and considers the interest of young people , and makes a final recommendation .
 .
 .
 history .
 history .
 the hundreds came up for 000 years and lasted until the beginning of 00th century .
 the kingdom chosun has a history of 000 years and lasted until the beginning of the 00th century .
 neither , was the main consequences of the royal family , so you will be able to imagine its size .
 kyong bok palace was the main residence of the royal family , so you will be able to imagine its size .
 as the kings of mine to be a part of nature , the ticket had a huge garden , however , it was destroyed by the army of japan , and now there only a part of the original bar .
 as the kings of chosun loved to be a part of nature , the palace had a huge garden , however it was destroyed by the japanese army , and now there remains only a part of the original palace .
 there is a special scene for the last month of the last month , who was killed by the japanese army .
 there is a special monument to the last queen of chosun who was killed by the japanese army .
 .
 .
 activity .
 activity .
 the reason why this is also popular for the youngsters , who deserve to dislike the historical visit , would be the various activity .
 the reason that this palace is also popular for the youngsters , who tend to dislike historical visits , would be the various activities .
 you can try the traditional games of korea and there are a chance to wear the traditional clothes of the cables .
 you can try the traditional games of korea and there is a chance to wear the traditional clothes of the royals .
 also there are performances which held daily in the front gate of the ticket .
 also there are performances which are held daily at the front gate of the palace .
 .
 .
 finally ibiza .
 final recommendation .
 it is out of question not to visit visiting east , circumstances , unless you do not want to know about korean history .
 it is out of the question not to visit kyong bok palace unless you do not want to know about korean history .
 you will find many interesting points there , therefore , i urge you to visit the place , if you want to experience the tradition of korea .
 you will find many interesting points there , therefore , i urge you to visit the place , if you want to experience the tradition of korea .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing in response to your letter where you asked me to give you more information about international student and give some ideas and suggestions of what you and your students can do during your free time here .
 i am writing in response to your letter where you asked me to give you more information about the international student conference and give some ideas and suggestions about what you and your students can do during your free time here .
 the group has been booked into the telephone hotel , which is located in the central area of the city , so it will not take your students too much time to get to the town where the town is supposed to be repaired .
 the group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is located in the central area of the city , so it will not take you and your students too much time to get to the town hall where the conference is supposed to be held .
 the easiest way to get there from your hotel is to take social 000 ( the bus stop is to the hotel ) or we can hire a shower for you but there is an extra charge for it .
 the easiest way to get there from your hotel is to take bus 000 or 000 ( the bus stop is opposite the hotel ) or we can hire a minibus for you but there is an extra charge for it .
 there is a party on the last day of the courts .
 there is a party on the last day of the conference .
 special prefers will be given to the students whose reports are the best .
 special awards will be given to the students whose reports are the best .
 less of the party is likely to be as our night club so a lot of music , dancing and fun are provided .
 less of the party is likely to be as our nightclub so a lot of music , dancing and fun are provided .
 please note that the distances computer switch are only sold until 00 pm .
 please note that alcoholic drinks are only sold until 00 pm .
 you can wear whatever you like for this kind of party .
 you can wear whatever you like for this kind of party .
 coming back to ideas and suggestions i'arena promised to give you about free afternoon before you catch your plane i can advise you to visit our or to for a wet couple of a park in a park trouble before you will go to the night party .
 coming back to ideas and suggestions , i 've promised to give you a free afternoon before you catch your plane . i would advise you to visit our zoo or to go for a picnic in a park before you go to the party .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 can you see how many inventions you are surrounded with your life ?
 can you see how many inventions you are surrounded with in your life ?
 such a simple and cars things like a suspicious , a car , a computer , so only seem to be normal and spirit for us ( or we have got used ) as we use them every day .
 such simple and everyday things like a telephone , a car , a computer only seem to be normal and everyday for us as we use them every day .
 hundred years before people could n't even use an electric work not saying about a car or computer .
 a hundred years ago people could n't even use an electric lamp , to say nothing of a car or computer .
 they have invented improved improved our life a lot since they had appeared , but not every one it is really so .
 these inventions have improved our life a lot since they appeared , but not everyone believes it is really so .
 some people say that many of important inventions in our lives are not so good and useful as we have got used to see them .
 some people say that many important inventions in our life are not so good and useful as we have got used to thinking them .
 first of all , they say about pollution pollution which cars and other satellite - make , relax the electricity using pollution equipment and some others .
 first of all they talk about the environmental pollution which cars and other vehicles create , overspending the electricity using electric equipment and some other problems .
 but to my opinion if people inventions took a place in our lives they are right then .
 but in my opinion if people 's inventions have a place in our lives they are right then .
 i think the inventions is the most important thing in many people ' lives as it makes you to be able to get in touch with anyone do n't matter wherever you are wherever i am talking about mobile which now have a majority of our choice ) .
 i think the telephone is the most important thing in many people 's lives as it allows you to get in touch with anyone and it does n't matter where you are ( i am talking about mobile phones , which a majority now have through choice ) .
 computers make everything faster so everything is now based on the computer systems .
 computers make everything much faster so everything is now based on computer systems .
 an electric forest was an important invention hundred years before ( but for that time it was like a revolution ) .
 the electric lamp was an important invention a hundred years ago ( at that time it was like a revolution ) .
 i do n't think it will be possible to survive for us without an excursion life .
 i think it would n't be possible for us to survive without electric light .
 because of development people could make all the ticket discoveries , and an petrol is undeniablely , certain hemingway of tea in our life .
 because of shipbuilding developments people were able to make all those geographical discoveries , and automobile transport is an undeniable necessity in our life .
 in case of all said i am more likely to think that the benefits of advantages 's alibi are much inventions all the disadvantages .
 because of everything i have said i am more likely to think that the benefits of people 's inventions are much greater than all their disadvantages .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i have just read your letter and i am happy to help with giving you some further information .
 i have just read your letter and i am happy to help by giving you some further information .
 according to your first question , for the time of fame the students will be staying in the middle hotel , where the reservation has been already made .
 in reply to your first question , for the time of the conference the students will be staying at the palace hotel , where the reservation has already been made .
 it is situated near to our college , about five minutes walk from the nearest station , which is south for renovation .
 it is situated near to our college , about five minutes ' walk from the nearest tube station , which is south wimbledon .
 as you were informed , there will be a party for all the assistants of the chinese , which will take place afterwards at the hotel restaurant .
 as you were informed , there will be a party for all participants of the conference , which will take place afterwards in the hotel restaurant .
 surely the fact that it will be entirely more sociable i believe that casual clothes are the most suitable option for this event .
 bearing in mind the fact that it will be a purely social occasion , i believe that casual clothes are the most suitable option for this event .
 finally , answering your last question about the student 's day - out , i suggest visiting a local choir tennis and tennis tennis days as it is one of the best technological events .
 finally , to answer your last question about the students ' day out , i suggest visiting the local lawn tennis museums and the wimbledon tennis courts as they are one of the best international tourist attractions .
 if you have any further questions , please , do not hesitate to contact me .
 if you have any further questions , please do not hesitate to contact me .
 i look forward to seeing you .
 i look forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 to leader : of the group of american students
 to : leader of the group of american students
 from :
 from :
 date : 00.00.0000 .
 date : 00.00.0000 .
 subject : recommend a place to visit a place to visit
 subject : recommendations for a place to visit
 introduction :
 introduction :
 the aim of this report is to give description and recommendation of the most interesting building in the town .
 the aim of this report is to give a description and make a recommendation concerning the most interesting building in the town .
 general information :
 general information :
 the place i would like to recommend is the ticket office - century - century unbelievable .
 the place i would like to recommend is the seventeenth - century royal palace .
 it is situated in a heart of warsaw and surrounded by the buildings of an old town .
 it is situated in the heart of warsaw and surrounded by the buildings of the old town .
 there is a old market with the ticket of the delicious pair of the king , in the centre of it .
 there is an old market square with the magnificent statue of king zygmunt in the centre of it .
 facilities :
 facilities :
 .
 .
 inside the work , there is a museum of an antique collection collection of the preparation .
 inside the palace , there is a museum with a collection of antique porcelain .
 .
 .
 there is also a gallery in the left of the organisers .
 there is also a portrait gallery in the left wing of the palace .
 .
 .
 the old town is the best place for afternoon age with a great deal of restaurants , guitars and street .
 the old town is the best place for an afternoon stroll , with a great deal of restaurants , cafes and street performers .
 .
 .
 there is an easy attempt to cash , satellite , emergency , emergency services , etc .
 cashpoints , toilets , emergency services etc are within easy reach .
 positive points
 positive points
 .
 .
 it is easy to get there by any sort of public transport
 it is easy to get there by any sort of public transport .
 .
 .
 there are numbers of hotels or youth to stay in over owners , if necessary ,
 there are a number of hotels or youth hostels to stay overnight , if necessary .
 .
 .
 most of the example are absolutely free .
 admission to most places is absolutely free .
 negative points
 negative points
 .
 .
 a part of the adverts might be closed , due to the ticket office .
 a part of the palace might be closed , due to the ongoing renovations .
 .
 .
 all the facilities are usually overcrowded during a summer holiday .
 all the facilities are usually overcrowded during the summer holiday .
 conclusion :
 conclusion :
 despite the few drawbacks , i would strongly recommend the royal east as the most suitable place to visit for the foreign students .
 despite the few drawbacks , i would strongly recommend the royal palace as the most suitable place to visit for the foreign students .
 dear mrs maria smith
 dear mrs smith
 i am replying your letter for the help you 're being needed .
 i am replying to your letter concerning the help you need .
 i am sending you to give the information you need for the group .
 i am pleased to provide the information you need for the group .
 the hotel i was booked is recommended brn hotel is in the centre of london justigez from instance .
 the hotel i booked is the palace hotel which is in the centre of london just two blocks from victoria station .
 i think it is amazing to travel for the group . you know the computerised is easy to travel from there to the rest of the city . about the hotel is , and having a good student the speakers is doing accidents and perhaps for prepare term . for the band have the band of the student we get a good student and the best student and the student to get the college you will come for the college you will come the college .
 i think it is very convenient for the group . you know the victoria area , it is easy to travel from there to the rest of the city . about the hotel , it is clean , and provides a good service . the rooms are doubles and each has its own bathroom and for the number of students we are getting good value . and the best way to get to the college for the conference is to walk to victoria station , get the tram to glouster road and after 0 blocks on the left - hand side you will find the college .
 how much i am going to make a plan for the student with all of the d related and ad .
 however i am going to make a plan for each student with all of the details and the address .
 about the party at the end of planes we organise the same hotel whom have a nice variety .
 about the party at the end of conference , we are organising it in the same hotel which has a nice salon .
 will be good for walking group you do n't need move to an adult place .
 it will be good for your group because you do n't need to move to another place .
 we 'll have drink and food and music for the dance .
 we 'll have food and drink and music for dancing .
 it is not a formal party so i think it is more about what kind of any formal .
 it is not a formal party so i think it is fine to wear something not too formal .
 i want to suggestions for the last day you and your group may go to green park and linton the fifteenth house and the ticket of holiday is very nice and the group would be stayed within the middle the middle get a novice wages is another grey and the new technologies will tell the new advances i will tell you , but there could never be a good opportunity for it .
 i want to suggestions for the last day . you and your group could maybe go to green park and visit the queen 's house and parliament , this area is very nice and the group would engoin after the conference to get some fresh air . another option could be the new tell gallery . i have never been there but it could be a good excuse to visit it with you .
 i have been hearing about the age they have in the example . it is interesting .
 i have been hearing about the ave they have in the exhibition , it is interesting .
 i hope you found the letter of us completely performing and if you have a question let my know .
 i hope you found this letter useful and if you have any questions , let me know .
 i am looking forward to seeing you soon .
 i am looking forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 have inventions all our lives
 inventions have affected all our lives
 the computer was invented 00 years or modern ago and est collecting a comparison with a big job was per cent of staff and retold a fifteenth and hopefully and hopefully - along a grade and lateness mean prepared something a lake a lake - tempered .
 the computer was invented 00 years or more ago and started processing information with a big card which was perforated and made a small hole and each hole meant something like a code .
 the greatest was used to read this ticket was too big you use to need a room for our computer .
 the machine that was used for reading this card was very big , you used to need a room for the computer .
 i remember when i had the luckiest lesson in the university and the tv took as to the computer centre and i saw this other front of my college were causing was very successful for us to teach you can work in these computer of computer .
 i remember when i had the first lesson at the university and the teacher took us to the computer centre and i saw these machines , all my colleagues and i were laughing was very difficult to imagine how you can work with this kind of computer .
 these days the computer is part of the own life you use it all the time some time you do or an telephone is the ticket you need like to go to the bank , the research , for shopping etc . it is a hundred life is a example and the loss item of ec life can come it can research it is the computer for everyone is the same for the computer and the computer is the computer is the computer .
 these days the computer is part of your life , you use it all the time . sometimes you do personal and other times it is just the things you need to do like go to the bank , use transport , go shopping etc . it is a machine that makes life easy and ibendow you can carry it everywhere . it is amazing the way as the fas the computer changes , the programs are faster and more useful and practical .
 but the computer have the bad experience i liked to mean we life daily life we 's daily and easier for it .
 but the computer has a bad side too . i whand mean we life each day we depend more and more on it .
 so i feel a result when i think about the venue experience of the virus or madona , a peasant day using a bad day switch this days with the sex or the other cabin .
 so i feel scared when i think about the consequences if some of the viruses or mad people misuse as happens these days with sex or other .
 i work with children and the computer help my telephone works to .
 i work with children and the computer helps me in my job but affects it too .
 so i hope the computer reminds me friday about and the computer station in front work have in these preparation because some good could be some of danger very danger .
 so i hope the world reaches agreement about this and computer engineers have to prevent these problems because something good could be something very dangerous .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 thank you for your letter .
 i am writing to give you some advice about an international student 's student .
 i am writing to give you some advice about the international student conference .
 first of all , the name of hotel which we have been booked into is a flash .
 first of all , the name of the hotel which we have been booked into is the palace hotel .
 and we have two choices to get to the courts , a bus or a train .
 and we have two ways to get to the conference , a bus or a train .
 both of them are as convenient as getting there .
 both of them are as convenient as getting there .
 the day before we will leave there , we have a party which takes place in our hotel .
 the day before we will leave , we have a party which takes place in our hotel .
 it is a kind of formal party , so we should be well - dressed .
 it is a kind of formal party , so we should be well dressed .
 i suggest that you wear a formal dress .
 i suggest that you wear formal dress .
 there is some finger food and drinks .
 there will be some finger food and drinks .
 it might be a great party for end of fame .
 it might be a great party for the end of the conference .
 end of all , in my opinion we could go a centre of the town because there is many places to have a look and going shopping .
 end of all , in my opinion we could go to the centre of the town because there are many places to have a look at and go shopping .
 it 's quite a nice and a suitable place to spend for three hours .
 it 's quite a nice area and a suitable place to spend three hours .
 it could be interesting for them .
 it could be interesting for them .
 i am looking forward to hearing from you .
 i am looking forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 imagine our life without a telephone .
 imagine our life without a telephone .
 if a telephone haven't been invented , we would n't have lived perfectly like nowadays .
 if the telephone had n't been invented , we would n't have lived perfectly like nowadays .
 would n't you think we rely on it more than we expect ?
 do n't you think we rely on it more than we imagine ?
 a telephone is used when we need to contact with someone , and also an emergency situation and an internet .
 a telephone is used when we need to contact someone , and also in emergency situations and for the internet .
 it has various way to use , however , nowadays it is not only used by this intention , but also keeps it keeps our company .
 it has various ways to use . however , nowadays it is not only used for these purposes , but also it keeps us company .
 even if you feel alone , you can talk and hear from your friend easily .
 if you feel lonely , you can talk and hear from your friends easily .
 then it makes you happy .
 then it makes you happy .
 long time ago people lived without this perfect invention .
 a long time ago people lived without this perfect invention .
 but how ?
 but how ?
 they used to keep in touch with someone with a letter .
 they used to keep in touch by letter .
 in spite of taking a lot of time to catch up with , it was a only way .
 in spite of taking a lot of time to catch up with , it was the only way .
 so that 's why they have invented a telephone .
 so that 's why they have invented the telephone .
 now we could feel the world closer and closer understanding of a telephone .
 now we can feel the world closer and closer beaus of a telephone .
 who would n't thank you for this great invention ?
 who would n't be thankful for this great invention ?
 dear madam ,
 dear madam ,
 i received your letter and i 'm pleased to answer your questions .
 i have received your letter and i 'm pleased to answer your questions .
 m. brown has booked rooms in the telephone hotel .
 m. brown has booked rooms in the palace hotel .
 this is a first class hotel .
 this is a first - class hotel .
 the easiest way from the hotel to the development is with the bus .
 the easiest way to get from the hotel to the conference is by bus .
 there is a bus stop in front of your hotel .
 there is a bus stop in front of your hotel .
 take the bus in the future town .
 take the bus in the direction of the centre of town .
 after four stops get off the bus .
 after four stops , get off the bus .
 the name of this bus stop is ' fulfil 's boyfriend ' .
 the name of this bus stop is ' kongresshaus ' .
 if you leave the bus , the basis is in the house opposite the road .
 when you get off the bus , the conference is in the building across the road .
 you ca n't miss it .
 you ca n't miss it .
 afterwards we will eat together in a restaurant and we will go in a disco .
 afterwards we will eat together in a restaurant and we will go to a disco .
 for the disco you must n't wear blue jeans .
 for the disco , you must n't wear blue jeans .
 finally at your last day i propose to do a sightseeing tour in our town .
 finally , on your last day , i suggest you do a sightseeing tour in our town .
 it takes you two hours .
 it takes you two hours .
 afterwards you will have any time to buy some souvenirs from switzerland .
 afterwards you will have some time to buy some souvenirs from switzerland .
 if you have any more questions , write back to me .
 if you have any more questions , write back to me .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours faithfully ,
 i will write about the invention of the computer .
 i will write about the invention of the computer .
 with the computer our work is easier and more interesting .
 with the computer , our work is easier and more interesting .
 before the time with computers , people had to write every time a whole letter .
 before the time of computers , people had to write a whole letter every time .
 when they would correct a word , they had to write the whole letter again .
 when they wanted to correct a word , they had to write the whole letter again .
 with the computer we can write a letter , correct a word or change the name without writing the whole letter again . we could save the letter and in the three week we could send it another person .
 with the computer , we can write a letter , correct a word or change the name without writing the whole letter again . we save the letter and in three weeks we could send it to another person .
 i work at a bank and i work all day with computers .
 i work in a bank and i work all day with computers .
 if we hand n't ay one , we had to write all the patience on paper .
 if we had n't any , we would have to write all the transactions on paper .
 if i order money for our bank with the computer i can be sure that i will arrive the day after .
 if i order money for our bank with the computer , i can be sure that it will arrive the day after .
 but if i had to write a letter and to send it by post , the money will arrive two or three days later .
 but if i had to write a letter and to send it by post , the money would arrive two or three days after .
 i have never worked without a computer , but if we did n't any we would find it true .
 i have never worked without a computer , but if we had n't any , we would find it normal .
 mrs maria smith ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i 'm pleased to be able to help you for the international student .
 i 'm pleased to be able to help you with the international student conference .
 the hotel in which the group has been booked to is the lighting hotel , which is near the big bridge of satellite .
 the hotel into which the group has been booked is the palace hotel , which is situated near the big bridge of mont blanc .
 to get from the hotel to the rilke , you have to take the highway of lausanne , and after nearly half an hour of driving you come out at the place , which is causing day , talking , unfortunately .
 to get from the hotel to the conference , you have to take the highway in the direction of lausanne , and after nearly half an hour of driving you come out at the place which is indicated with coppet , divonne .
 when you come out , just go on your right , and then turn left to the ticket to the ticket office to the ticket office .
 when you come out , just go right , and then turn left to follow the directions to the chtaigneroie school .
 the end - of - the whole party will take place at the same place .
 the end - of - conference party will take place at the same place .
 some musicians will play classical music , and there will be many different drinks and food .
 some musicians will play classical music , and there will be many different drinks and food .
 you should wear some formal clothes , but not necessary clothes .
 you should wear formal clothes , but not necessarily really pretty clothes .
 for three hours , you could visit the museum of the red cross , which is very interesting .
 for three hours , you could visit the museum of the red cross , which is very interesting .
 i hope that this information will help you
 i hope that this information will help you .
 sincerely yours ,
 sincerely yours ,
 the portable phone , a very useful invention !
 the mobile phone , a very useful invention !
 during all the history , there were a genius who tried to make human life better , but it is in the last century that there were the most biggest inventions made .
 during all mankind 's history , there were discoverers who tried to make human life better , but it is in the last century that the biggest discoveries were made .
 when the phone without a fire was invented , one was n't sure if it would be a success or not .
 when the phone without a cable was invented , one was n't sure if it would be a success or not .
 but the research went on , and the portable phone is getting smaller and more useful .
 but the research went on , and the mobile phone is always getting smaller and more useful .
 the fax phone is an important invention , because nearly everybody has one , and so one can always call somebody if there is a problem .
 the mobile phone is an important invention , because nearly everybody has one , and so one can always call somebody if there is a problem .
 moreover , some portable phones have a connection to the web , so it is easy to read newspapers if one hasn't enough money to buy it .
 moreover , some mobile phones have a connection to the web , so it is easy to read the newspapers if one hasn't enough money to buy them .
 personally , the portable phone has affected my own life , because when somebody is saul at home , i do n't have to rush to take the phone , being afraid that it 's too late .
 personally , the mobile phone has affected my own life , because when somebody is phoning me at home , i do n't have to rush to get the phone , being afraid that it 's too late .
 i recommend this extremely important invention who still do n't have a phone phone .
 i recommend this extremely important invention to those who still do n't have a mobile phone .
 dear maria ,
 dear maria ,
 i would be pleased to help you about all your questions and i will provide you some information which you need as much as i can .
 i would be pleased to help you with all your questions and i will provide you with the information which you need as far as i can .
 i would like to inform you that center sets gates east , hotel has been booked for the accommodation of the group and it will be quite easy to get everywhere from the hotel of the hotel during your stay .
 i would like to inform you that centeral red lion hotel has been booked for the accommodation of the group and it will be quite easy to get everywhere on foot from the hotel during your stay .
 as you know that we arrange an evening party on the third day of the week , we can say that a kind of relaxation time .
 as you know , we are arranging an evening party on the third day of the week , we can say that it is a kind of relaxation time .
 nothing will be a passion .
 nothing will be special .
 place is college garden .
 the place is the college garden .
 time is 0 pm .
 the time is 0 pm .
 there is no need to gossip about the previous minute .
 there is no need to bother about clothes .
 everybody can put on something casual .
 everybody can wear something casual .
 before putting from england i suggest you visiting the desired and small inventions around . you could find the opportunity to see the country of the country life .
 before you leave england , i suggest you visit the canals and small villages around basingstoke . you could have the opportunity to see the country life .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 time job
 time flies
 i have to admit that the invented cars and transportation , made the most gard invention of the word .
 i have to admit that whoever invented cars and transportation vehicles came up with the most respectable inventions of the world .
 i say that it must be the most important thing for us because they save our time passing so fast .
 i say that they must be the most important things for us because they save our time passing so fast .
 can you deny how quickly we get somewhere by car or by bus .
 can you deny how quickly we get somewhere by car or by bus ?
 maybe 00 times as quickly as getting somewhere on foot .
 it is maybe 00 times as quick as getting somewhere on foot .
 try to imagine your life without having any explanation them .
 try to imagine your life without having any of them .
 would n't be un and painful painful .
 would n't it be unbearable and painful ?
 amazingly it would be just like mine .
 certainly it would be just like mine .
 because i live in a special area far from any village , town , or city centre .
 because i live in a rural area , far from any village , town , or city centre .
 the nearest takes me 0 hour on foot .
 to reach the nearest civilization takes me 0 hour on foot .
 i have no car , no local bus service to use .
 i have no car , and no local bus service to use .
 even comeing to sten , like a international trip to me .
 even coming to basingstoke seems like an international journey to me .
 and of portable this stops me every time to live researcher life .
 and of course this stops me everytime to live sociable life .
 but also i 'm aware of that the time for me . i must do whatever i want to be before it is too late .
 but also i 'm aware that time flies for me . i must do whatever i want before it is too late .
 and i have to confess the invention of the car was the most useful invention for the humanity .
 and i have to confess the invention of the car was the most useful invention for humanity .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i was delighted to receive your letter and to know that a group of students from your college have decided to take part in our international student .
 i was delighted to receive your letter and to know that a group of students from your college have decided to take part in our international student conference .
 as you need more information , i answer all your questions with the queue .
 as you need more information , i will answer all your questions with pleasure .
 firstly , the hotel has been booked for your group .
 firstly , the palace hotel has been booked for your group .
 it is one of the most comfortable hotels in our sense and a only half from main building of our college , so it is very simple to get from there to impress the postal of the police .
 it is one of the most comfortable hotels in our city and situated only half a mile from the main building of our college , so it is very simple to get from there to the conference by foot .
 secondly , our end - of - 's party is included dinner and dancing , i would advise you to wear something not very formal .
 secondly , our end - of - conference party includes dinner and dancing . i would advise you to wear something not very formal .
 finally , you can spend an afternoon on the last day visiting local places ( historical ( the list , in the 0- century century century 's century , as well as a beautiful century 's garden ,
 finally , you can spend an afternoon on the last day visiting local historic places ( castles built in the 00th century ) or art galleries , as well as the beautiful bodnant garden .
 i am looking forward to the meeting you with you and work during september .
 i am looking forward to the meeting with you and our shared work during conference .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 there are many different people 's inventions around us .
 there are many different people 's inventions around us .
 we are so used to them , sometimes think they existed always .
 we are so used to them that sometimes we think they always existed .
 some of them are very practical , others are rather strange .
 some of them are very practical , others are rather strange .
 i think that one of the most important and affecting our life is the telephone .
 i think that one of the most important inventions affecting our life is the telephone .
 imagine life without phone .
 imagine life without a phone .
 you are on the road , you have car accident .
 you are on the road , you have a car accident .
 what are you going to do without phone ?
 what are you going to do without a phone ?
 on another situation , your son is ill , he needs help help work .
 in another situation , your son is ill , he needs help urgently .
 i am sure , the phone has saved a lot of life .
 i am sure the phone has saved many lives .
 besides , it is always very nice to ring your ring or mum , only for shocked in any time .
 besides , it is always very nice to ring your friend or mum , only to chat in any time .
 thanks the phone , it is possible even your country is on the other end of the earth .
 thanks to the phone , it is possible to speak to your mum even when she is at the other end of the earth .
 to be honest , next great invention of people , computer , ca n't work , if you haven't got the phone .
 to be honest , the next greatest invention of mankind , the computer , ca n't work if you haven't got the phone .
 so i am very grateful to man , who invented it , because of the innovations , i have forgotten his name .
 so i am very grateful to the man who invented it . unfortunately , i have forgotten his name .
 it always happens with people , do n't ?
 it always happens with people , does n't it ?
 try to ask who invented the will or the book .
 try asking who invented the wheel or the book .
 regarding h - equipped , tuesday 00th june .
 chne - bourg , tuesday 00th june .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 it is with great regret that i hear of mr brown 's illness , and hope to see him into an excellent health .
 it is with great regret that i hear of mr brown 's illness , and i hope to see him soon in excellent health .
 nevertheless , i am both pleased and laughing to expect you and your group in the context of our international enthusiasm .
 nevertheless , i am both pleased and honoured to expect you and your group in the context of our international meeting .
 we have made arrangements for you to stay in the hotel .
 we have made arrangements for you to stay at the palace hotel .
 furthermore , since it is located between the airport and our location , a bus centuries has been organised to pick all our guests from the hotel to the room .
 furthermore , since it is located between the airport and our location , a shuttle bus has been organised to take all our guests from the hotel to the conference room .
 the end - of - year is to be held in the ' proof room ' of the hotel , which has an an fifteenth reputation for its quality and entertainment .
 the end - of - conference party is to be held in the ' royal room ' of the hotel , which has an outstanding reputation for its quality and seriousness .
 therefore , all guests will not wear the sci clothes in order to be accepted .
 therefore , all the guests will be asked to wear the appropriate clothes in order to be accepted .
 as for the three hours of free time , i strongly suggest you check - in your ticket at the airport and then , after a five minutes , otherwise , otherwise , spending your time in the marvellous old city ' abilities ' time .
 as for the three hours of free time , i strongly suggest you check your luggage in at the airport and then , after a five - minute bus ride , spend your time in the marvellous ' old city ' .
 best regards ,
 best regards ,
 my fair phone .
 my fair mobile phone .
 the technological revolution taking place today can be directly to the amazing evolution of our communication abilities abilities finish them last few years .
 the technological revolution taking place today can be directly linked to the amazing evolution of our communications technology over the last few years .
 the japanese invention of this aspect in our ordinary life is , of course , the mobile phone .
 the inevitable invention symbolizing this aspect in our daily life is , of course , the mobile phone .
 it is clear and that the use of this invention has become a necessary related in some professional activities .
 it is clear and irrefutable that the use of this invention has become a necessary condition in some professional activities .
 fell , politicians and a few examples are but a few examples of such needs .
 trades , politicians and taxi drivers are but a few examples of such needs .
 however , the common man seems to ignore how important and useful a mobile phone becomes , when in the hands of high high - school student .
 however , the average man seems to ignore how important and useful a mobile phone becomes when in the hands of a high - school student .
 it becomes then a real obsession for the average students , as e uses it before the lessons , during lessons , during lunch and especially , during the examinations ...
 it then becomes a real obsession for the average student , as he uses it before the lessons , during the lessons , during lunch and , especially , during examinations ...
 nevertheless , it is also a common mistake to believe that the fifteenth purpose of such andez is to arrange during the class during its major role is actually to allow the student and the parents to discuss during everyday 's courses .
 nevertheless , it is also a common mistake to believe that the sole purpose of such usage is to communicate information during an exam , since its major role is actually to allow the student and the parents to discuss during every day 's courses .
 bottom is that any teacher complain about this situation should not the student 's phone , but his parents ' !
 the bottom line is that any teacher complaining about this situation should confiscate not the student 's phone , but his parents ' !
 dear mrs. smith ,
 dear mrs. smith ,
 i have just received the letter from you and i 'm writing to you as soon as possible .
 i have just received the letter from you and i 'm writing to you as soon as possible .
 i can promise to you that i 'll do my best to help you .
 i can promise you that i 'll do my best to help you .
 you told me that you are the leader of a group of students this year , because mr. brown is ill .
 you told me that you are the leader of a group of students this year , because mr. brown is ill .
 poor mr. brown , i hope he will get better soon .
 poor mr. brown . i hope he will get better soon .
 as i 've just checked the group has been booked into the telephone hotel .
 i 've just checked and the group has been booked into the palace hotel .
 the best way to get from there to the development is by co , that i have arranged arranged for you .
 the best way to get from there to the conference is by coach , which i have arranged for you .
 the drive mr. works for us since us .
 the driver , mr. olsson , works for us since .
 he will pick you up at 00.00 a.m. the reason is from 00 to 0 p.m. at the end of is a party from 0 to 0 o0 to 0 too .
 he will pick you up at 00:00 a.m. the conference is from 00:00 to 0:00 p.m. at the end of the conference there is a party from 0:00 to 0:00 .
 i suggest you have to wear comfortable and nice clothes because i have planned a holiday for you before your plane at 0 p.m. i 'd like to show you a museum , a gallery and the gardens that are delivered to the reception .
 i suggest you wear comfortable and nice clothes because i have planned a sightseeing tour for you . before you catch your plane at 0:00 p.m. i 'd like to show you a museum , a gallery and the gardens that belong to the palace .
 then we can have a rest in the cables and talk before your plane home .
 then we can have a rest in the cafe and talk before your flight home .
 i think i have given you all the information .
 i think i have given you all the important information .
 i hope to see you all soon ,
 i hope to see you all soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 nowadays , keeps is one of the most important inventions .
 nowadays motorization is one of the most important inventions .
 as you look am although everybody has a car or entertainment .
 when you look around everybody has a car or motorcycle .
 no matter that people started scientists more about pollution more about the world .
 no matter that people started worried more about pollution in the world .
 let me tell you , how invention of education has affected my life .
 let me to tell you how the invention of the motorcycle has affected my life .
 i love a shower and i do n't think i could live without them .
 i love motorcycles and i do n't think i could live without them .
 i have had a shower since i was 00 years old .
 i have ridden a motorcycle since i was 00 years old .
 me and my brother we used to go to the rock concerts .
 me and my brother used to go to rock concerts .
 we had met a lot of people there same mad about the age as we were .
 we met a lot of people there who were as mad about motorcycles as we were .
 we were hundreds and trips .
 we organized races and trips .
 we were driving a few day being separated we finally had got to receive a shower .
 we rode motorcycles for a few days before we finally got to our meeting points .
 i really enjoy driving 00.0 .
 i really enjoy riding my motorcycle .
 people say that is dangerous , i do n't think it is a lot .
 people say that it is dangerous ; i do n't think so .
 when i drive is only me and my telephone peace .
 when i ride it is only me and my motorcycle .
 before me and after are my friends that i like and trust .
 in front of me and behind are my friends , who i like and trust .
 and around me nature that i can watch and enjoy while we shop newspaper .
 and around me is the countryside , which i can watch and enjoy while we look for a camp .
 we can go to the place we like , avoid and avoid the full buses , trains , etc .
 we can go to any place we like , avoiding traffic and crowded buses and trains , etc .
 i am really grateful for people who invented the first project in the world .
 i am really grateful to the people who invented the first motorcycle in the world .
 i feel very bad about that i do n't know who was it .
 i feel very bad about the fact that i do n't know who it was .
 on the other hand no matter that i feel very good about that because the invention has changed and my life end people i care about , has affected my life in a very best way .
 on the other hand no matter that i feel very good about that because that invention has changed and affected my life and the people i care about ; it has affected my life in the very best way .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you very much for your letter .
 thank you very much for your letter .
 as you asked me in the letter , i am very happy to help you with finding the details of the courts .
 as you asked me in the letter , i am very happy to help you with the details of the conference .
 the hotel that your group will be staying at is recommended .
 the hotel that your group will be staying at is the palace hotel .
 it is reasonably near to college , so it may be very good to walk from the hotel along river - yellow break up on the sunny days .
 it is reasonably near to the college , so it may be very nice to walk from the hotel along the river thames following the yellow signs on sunny days .
 if it rains , you can take bus 00 that stops in front of the college .
 if it rains , you can take the 00 bus that stops in front of the college .
 the end - of - developed party is designed to give rough ideas about many different cultures .
 the end - of - conference party is designed to give a taste of many different cultures .
 so you will enjoy traditional food , music , dance , dance and games from all over the world .
 so you will enjoy traditional foods , music , dances and games from all over the world .
 as a part of this , the leader of each group has to wear a thief in her country .
 as a part of this , the leader of each group has to wear the national dress of her country .
 other members of groups can wear a normal formal dress dress .
 other members of the groups can wear normal , attractive formal dress .
 on the last day , i recommend that you will visit the place that is located at the centre of our city .
 on the last day , i recommend that you visit the place that is located at the centre of our city .
 it is about 0000 years old , so i am sure that you will find it fascinating to see it .
 it is about 0000 years old , so i am sure that you will find it fascinating to see it .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 can you imagine your life without any computers at all ?
 can you imagine your life without any computers at all ?
 well , i am sure that you can hardly do this unless you are living deep in a forest or in a dessert !
 well , i am sure that you can hardly do this unless you are living deep in a forest or in a desert !
 if you think about how many computers we use every day and how dependent we are on them , it must be clear that invention of computers has certainly had a significant conducted on our lives .
 if you think about how many computers we use every day and how dependent we are on them , it must be clear to you that the invention of computers has certainly had a significant impact on all our lives .
 for example , all the newspapers such as madam and energy are ran using computers uses them to organise all sorts of things in a country , and all of services and thousands of different illnesses such as horse and use them as essential years .
 for example , all infrastructures , such as public transport and power stations , are run using computers , the government uses them to organise all sorts of things in a country , and all kinds of institutions and businesses , such as hospitals and supermarkets , use them as essential capitals .
 in other words , almost all aspects of our lives today rely on computers .
 in other words , almost all aspects of our lives today rely on computers .
 so i am sure from this that it is professional enough to say that invention of computers is really important .
 so i am sure from this that it is convincing enough to say that invention of computers is really important .
 from my personal experience , i can also say that a personal computer is also an amazing tool .
 from my personal experience , i can also say that a personal computer is also an amazing tool .
 it reminds of my homework , which is often to write , and also it allows me to access the internet .
 it improves the productivity of my homework , which often involves essay writing , and also it allows me to access the internet .
 since i live abroad , the internet is really useful for me to have a contact with my best friend and to know what is going on in my home country .
 since i live abroad , the internet is really useful for me to have a contact with my best friend and when i want to know what is going on in my home country .
 to sum up , i can say that the greatest story is the invention of computers , that has affected both education and a society as a whole .
 to sum up , i can say that the greatest ever invention is the invention of computers , which has affected both individuals and society as a whole .
 dear mrs. smith ,
 dear mrs. smith ,
 i am writing in reply to your enquiry about this year international year .
 i am writing in reply to your enquiry about this year 's international conference .
 the phone will be held on the ticket street on old street .
 the conference will be held at the palace hotel on old street .
 there will be a keyboard to follow from the central station .
 there will be signs to follow from the central train station .
 the phone is unfair on 00st june 0000 from 00.00 - 00.00 .
 the conference commences on 00st june 0000 from 00.00 - 00.00 .
 light will surely be provided .
 a light lunch will be provided .
 after the consequences , there will be a relaxing party .
 after the conference , there will be a relaxing party .
 there is no dressed - code for the party .
 there is no dress code for the party .
 however , i suggest you could wear the same outfit as you wear for the conferencing .
 however , i suggest you wear the same outfit that you will wear for the conference .
 i have included the local map , there are some ideas at the back of the map .
 i have included a local map . there are some ideas on the back of the map .
 please let me know if you would like to book one of the city - walk , we have prepared essential discounts for the attendance attendance attendance .
 please let me know if you would like to book one of the city - walk tours . we have arranged special discounts for the conference attendees .
 personally i recommend the dick 's tour because it is a good length of walking and very historical .
 personally i recommend the dickens tour because it is a good length walk and very historical .
 i hope that i have covered all the information you will need and look forward to seeing you .
 i hope that i have covered all the information you will need and look forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 p.s. please find the map .
 p.s. please find the map enclosed .
 there are several interesting buildings in the city of london .
 there are several interesting buildings in the city of london .
 i believe drop street is at the top list .
 i believe liverpool street station is at the top of the list .
 the building itself looks grandfather and elegant .
 the building itself looks grand and elegant .
 despite the fact that this building has served half - a million televisions in a day , it always clean and functional .
 despite the fact that this building serves half a million commuters in a day , it is always clean and functional .
 there are two parts of build street station that make it so interesting building .
 there are two parts of liverpool street station that make it so interesting a building .
 the partial section is fairly modern styles with the ticket and touched - screen ticket machine .
 the newly decorated section is fairly modern in style with escalators and touch - screen ticket machines .
 it is also very well linked into the old station which is such a contrast in the underground .
 it is also very well linked to the old underground station , which is such a contrast in transformation .
 the old bit is rather unique and charming .
 the old bit is rather unique and charming .
 you could really imagine how it looked like in the old day .
 you can really imagine what it looked like in the old days .
 there is another surprising in this building .
 there is another surprising section in this building .
 at the far back of the station is also connected to a vending - equipped park .
 at the far side of the station it is connected to a spacious , well - designed public park .
 it is a good example of a great architecture that was designed to provide part to the public .
 it is a good example of great architecture that was designed to provide services for the public .
 finally , it is in the heart of city and everyone would be able to find without doubt .
 finally , it is in the heart of the city and without doubt everyone will be able to find it .
 00 june 0000
 00 june 0000
 dear mrs smith
 dear mrs smith
 thank you for your letter dated 0 june 0000 .
 thank you for your letter dated 0 june 0000 .
 i hope i can give you the information you need .
 i hope i can give you the information you need .
 so the boss will be a great experience to you and your group .
 so the conference will be a great experience for you and your group .
 your group will stay at the lighting hotel .
 your group will stay at the palace hotel .
 the example hotel is situated in the town centre next to the microphones station .
 the palace hotel is situated in the town centre next to the railway station .
 a free cheese - bus and sometimes you to the courts - center .
 a free shuttle bus takes you to the conference centre .
 the bus came at 0 a.m. at the entrance entrance entrance of the hotel .
 the bus leaves at 0 a.m. from the front entrance of the hotel .
 the end - of - year is playing in a rent and in the cables forest .
 the end - of - conference party is in a tent and in the grounds .
 there will be a disadvantage , a place to dance and many more .
 there will be a barbecue , a place to dance and much more .
 it is a surprise !
 it will be a surprise !
 i suggest wear leisure - clothes to the party .
 i suggest that you wear leisure clothes for the party .
 the last afternoon you could go on a city - tour , the museum of acquiring arts or enjoy the beautiful flower garden next to the common park .
 on the last afternoon you could go on a city tour , visit the museum of fine arts , or enjoy the beautiful flower garden next to the public park .
 i hope i could give you some ideas . i look forward to seeing you .
 i hope i have been able to give you some ideas . i look forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 what would life be without the phone ?
 what would life be without the phone ?
 have you ever thought about a world without phone ?
 have you ever thought about a world without the phone ?
 how was it in the 00 century with no opportunity to communicate by phone and how it would now be now ?
 what was it like in the 00th century with no possibility of communicating by phone , and what would it be like now ?
 i can not imagine how our life would be .
 i can not imagine how our life would be .
 we are living in a busy world .
 we live in a busy world .
 in the business world you use the phone all the time to speak to your clients , to make a shower , to order to order an article instance , ok ; then , time is money !
 in the business world you use the phone all the time to speak with your clients , to make appointments , to order an article etc . ; so , time is money !
 how has the phone affected my own life ? i think that is a good question to think about . i could not call my friends from another city and just say " hello " .
 how has the phone affected my own life ? i think that is a good question to think about . i could not call my friends from another city and just say " hello " .
 it would be difficult and take more time to make an appointment .
 it would be difficult and would take more time to make an appointment .
 so , what did the phone - revolution for us ?
 so , what has the phone revolution done for us ?
 it saves time .
 it saves us time .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i 'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me for help .
 i 'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me for help .
 i hope i will be able to give you the information you need for the group of students who are coming to the court .
 i hope i will be able to give you the information you need for the group of students who are coming to the conference .
 firstly , the hotel is waiting for you and your students .
 firstly , the palace hotel is waiting for you and your students .
 the best way to get from there to the college where the chinese will take place is simply to walk .
 the best way to get from there to the college where the conference will take place is simply to walk .
 actually , the college is situated for the future away from the hotel .
 actually , the college is situated 000 metres from the hotel .
 as you know , the basis will be followed by a party .
 as you know , the conference will be followed by a party .
 it will begin at 0 p.m and last until late in the evening .
 it will begin at 0 p.m . and last until late in the evening .
 you do n't need to worry about what you should wear to this event .
 you do n't need to worry about what you should wear to this event .
 in fact , the purpose of the end - of profit party is to relax after a busy day , therefore you and your students can put jeans and classical shoes on .
 in fact , the purpose of the end - of - conference party is to relax after a busy day . therefore you and your students can put jeans and sport shoes on .
 to conclude , we decided to organize a guided tour by coach , as you have an free afternoon before your plane takes off .
 to conclude , we decided to organize a guided tour by coach , as you have an afternoon free before your plane takes off .
 i hope the international student will help to know each other better and that it will be a success .
 i hope the international student conference will help everyone to get to know each other better and that it will be a success .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 dear sir or madam ,
 dear sir or madam ,
 i 'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me some information on an interesting building to visit .
 i 'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me for information on an interesting building to visit .
 there is so many places in lausanne , but i think that the circle museum is the most disastrous for the following reasons :
 there are so many places of interest in lausanne , but i think that the olympic museum is the most notable for the following reasons :
 the olympics monday monday from the 00th century and is the biggest in europe .
 the olympic museum dates from the 00th century and is the biggest in europe .
 it shows all the different sports men have been doing since the first dance games in greece .
 it shows all the different sports men have been doing since the first olympic games in greece .
 you can see the evolution of sports and understand why changes is done to improve them .
 you can see the evolution of sports and understand why changes gradually have been made to improve them .
 you can imagine every kind of equipment you need to do any particular sport .
 you can admire every kind of equipment you need to do any particular sport .
 you will be informed about the story of sport in general and about the new technologies which are used now especially in high competitions .
 you will be informed about the history of sport in general and about the new technologies which are used nowadays in high competitions .
 the museum is near the city centre and is recommended by bus or walking .
 the museum is near the city centre and is accessible by bus or walking .
 it will takes you an afternoon to visit it and then you can enjoy a drink or a meal in the restaurant in the third floor , well - for being one of the best teenage in lausanne .
 it will take you an afternoon to visit it and then you can enjoy a drink or a meal in the restaurant on the third floor , which is well known for being one of the best establishments in lausanne .
 i hope my recommendations will help you with the choice of a building to visit .
 i hope my recommendations will help you in the choice of a building to visit .
 yours faithfully ,
 yours faithfully ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i 'm writing in response to the letter we have received from you , in order to let you know all the information you have asked for .
 i 'm writing in response to the letter we have received from you , in order to let you know all the information you have asked for .
 first of all , your group has been booked into the hotel , main - 00 , which is situated not far from our college .
 first of all , your group has been booked into the palace hotel , 00 main road , which is situated not far from our college .
 i 'd suggest you to walk , it will only take you about seven minutes .
 i 'd suggest you walk . it will only take you about seven minutes .
 just follow the main - until to reach a east , where you turn right and then walk along - a - shirt - tempered - day .
 just follow main road until you reach a junction , where you turn right and then walk along denl - a - lion road .
 the college is a huge , yellow - you ca n't miss it .
 the college is a huge , yellow building - you ca n't miss it .
 secondly , you have required information about the end - of - required party .
 secondly , you have requested information about the end - of - conference party .
 it will begin at 0 o'clock p.m. and last until midnight .
 it will begin at 0 o'clock p.m. and last until midnight .
 all the students will be provided with linton and we have managed to book a band as well .
 all the students will be provided with sacks and we have managed to book a band as well .
 the location of the party is n't fixed yet , but we will let you know after your arrival .
 the location of the party is n't fixed yet , but we will let you know after your arrival .
 there is no need to put on special clothes for the party , casual ones should do it as well , for we want everyone wants everyone to feel comfortable .
 there is no need to put on special clothes for the party . casual dress should do just as well , because we want everyone to feel comfortable .
 last but not least i will give you some ideas of where to spend your free afternoon .
 last but not least i will give you some ideas about where to spend your free afternoon .
 i suggest suggest you visiting our local museum , as there is a marvellous exhibition there at the moment .
 i 'd suggest you visit our local museum , as there is a marvellous exhibition there at the moment .
 provided the weather is fine , you could also go swimming or make a tour through our beautiful town .
 provided the weather is fine , you could also go swimming or make a tour of our beautiful town .
 ( i could book a guide for you if you 're interested ) .
 ( i could book a guide for you if you 're interested . )
 please write back or call me if there is any more information you need .
 please write back or call me if there is any more information you need .
 i 'm looking forward to meeting you and wish you all the best .
 i 'm looking forward to meeting you and wish you all the best .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 the telephone , a telephone .
 the telephone , a blessing .
 who you could imagine life without the telephone ?
 who of you could imagine life without the telephone ?
 not being able to call your friend and ask if you can pop in a moment ?
 not being able to call your friend and ask if you can pop over for a moment ?
 not being able to lie to your mother - in - law and pretend you ca n't attend her garden party because of an illness , without having to look her in the eye ?
 not being able to lie to your mother - in - law and pretend you ca n't attend her garden party because of an illness , without having to look her in the eye ?
 when surely bell , first invented the telephone , he had no idea of how popular it would be one day .
 when alexander graham bell first invented the telephone , he had no idea how popular it would be one day .
 it was in order to listen to a concert if you were not able to attend it in person .
 its first application was in order to listen to a concert if you were not able to attend it in person .
 nowadays , however , the whole world is connected by a telephone system and no one could imagine life without it .
 nowadays , however , the whole world is connected by a telephone system and no one can imagine life without it .
 take me , for example , i use it whenever there is a problem and i need some advice , or when i have to call off a meeting for any reason why .
 take me , for example , i use it whenever there is a problem and i need some advice , or when i have to call off a meeting for any reason .
 i can not always walk to the person and say " sorry , i must cancel our meeting " , because then it 's too late anyway , anyway , is n't it ?
 i can not always walk to the person and say " sorry , i must cancel our meeting " , because then it 's too late anyway , is n't it ?
 life definitely would n't be the same without the invention of the telephone .
 life definitely would n't be the same without the invention of the telephone .
 we use it daily in order to get information or to pass it on .
 we use it daily in order to get information or to pass it on .
 just try to spend one week without using a telephone at all , and you will see that it is impossible to do so .
 just try to spend one week without using a telephone at all , and you will see that it is impossible to do so .
 so do n't take the telephone for granted , but keep in mind that our modern way of life is mainly due to its invention .
 so do n't take the telephone for granted , but keep in mind that our modern way of life is mainly due to its invention .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i would like to thank you for your letter .
 i would like to thank you for your letter .
 i am sorry to learn that cultural brown can not attend the conferencing .
 i am sorry to learn that richard brown can not attend the conference .
 please phoned him my best wishes for his patience .
 please give him my best wishes for his recovery .
 we have booked rooms for all members of your group at the telephone hotel .
 we have booked rooms for all members of your group at the palace hotel .
 it is a very appealing that is on the same scene as the chinese building , and normally one mile away .
 it is a very cosy building that is on the same avenue as the conference building , approximately one mile away .
 there is a hurry brown between the two east : this is bus ; the bus station ; the bus station for the development building is called " isolation " and the one at the middle centuries hotel is named " main station " .
 there is a direct bus link between the two locations : this is the number six bus line ; the bus stop for the conference building is called " avenue de cour " and the one at the palace hotel is named " main station " .
 concerning the party , we do not have a casual dressing .
 concerning the party , we do not have a casual dress code .
 students usually wear dark clothes with a peaceful for the boys and a teenager - long skirt or dress for the girls .
 students usually wear dark clothes , with a tie for the boys and a medium - length skirt or dress for the girls .
 there are a lot of activities you can do during your free afternoon .
 there are a lot of activities you can do during your free afternoon .
 i would like to suggest visiting the " friday museum , which is kind of unique in the world .
 i would like to suggest visiting the " ethnographic museum " which is kind of unique in the world .
 looking forward to meeting you soon
 looking forward to meeting you soon
 i remain yours sincerely .
 i remain , yours sincerely ,
 the car :
 the car :
 i think that the car is one of the human inventions that has the most affected the way of life from people from industrial countries .
 i think that the car is one of the human inventions that has most affected the way of life of people from industrial countries .
 nowadays more than the newspapers of the world industry is related to the east cars : cars , thanks , and hundreds , hoover and newspapers , and so on .
 nowadays more than the percents of world industry is related to the automotive business : car manufacturing , oil extraction and refining , tyre recycling , and so on .
 the industrial machines have deepona from their peace since the car has been available to everyone .
 the industrial countries have encountered great change in their structures since the car has been made available to everyone .
 at the beginning of the last century only a few very rich people could afford a car ; it was kind of leisure or sport to drive one .
 at the beginning of the last century only a few very rich people could afford a car ; it was a kind of leisure or sport to drive one .
 today almost everyone 's car and needs it for daily activities .
 today almost everyone owns a car and needs it for daily activities .
 the transport network has changed according to this social evolution .
 the transport network has changed in accordance with this social evolution .
 the increasing number of cars and newspapers are now now synthetic problems .
 the increasing number of cars related and infrastructure is now creating problems .
 a lot of roads and cars are , and environment are more and more related to the use cars and more related to the fifteenth of cars .
 a lot of roads and motorways are overcrowded , and environmental problems are more and more related to the intensive use of cars and lorries .
 people and governments are concerned about how to limit the effects of cars on the environment without their consequences .
 people and governments are concerned about how to limit the effects of cars on the environment without affecting their mobility .
 this will be a tough challenge for this new century .
 this will be a tough challenge for this new century .
 dear mrs smith :
 dear mrs smith :
 my name is delightful , i am helping to organise the knowledge in the college .
 my name is juniper . i am helping to organise the conference in the college .
 i received your letter the other day and i am writing to answer your questions .
 i received your letter the other day and i am writing to answer your questions .
 the group has been booked into the hotel , which is not very far from the place where the phone will be held .
 the group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is not very far from the place where the conference will be held .
 you can take the no ideas from the hotel to the chinese , it only takes ten minutes .
 you can take the no.00 bus from the hotel to the conference . it only takes ten minutes approximately .
 as for the end - of - 's parties , it will be on the morning of the last day starting start at 0:00 .
 as for the end - of - conference party , it will be on the morning of the last day , starting at 0:00 .
 all the students and staff will join together in the hall .
 all the students and staff will attend together in the hall .
 they can play games and talk about personal experience .
 they can play games and talk about their personal experiences .
 the main aim of it is to discover the friendships among all these pupils coming from all over the world .
 the main aim of this is to strengthen the friendship among all these pupils coming from all over the world .
 so it would be fine if you wear casual clothes and look smart .
 so it would be fine if you wore casual clothes and looked smart .
 i have made arrangement for the afternoon on the last day for you .
 i have made arrangements for the afternoon on the last day for you .
 if you are free i will show you for our college .
 if you are free i will show you around our college .
 you can visit our - built science developments as well .
 you can visit our newly built science lab as well .
 i 'm sure you will surely a lot of knowledge there .
 i 'm sure you would acquire a lot of knowledge there .
 i 'm looking forward to meeting you .
 i 'm looking forward to meeting you .
 best wishes .
 best wishes .
 best choice
 best choice
 welcome to london .
 welcome to london .
 you asked me for an interesting building to visit .
 you asked me about an interesting building to visit .
 in my opinion , i 'll recommend for the british museum .
 in my opinion , i recommend the british museum .
 one of the reasons is you can learn almost everything about british history there .
 one of the reasons is you can learn almost everything about british history there .
 the museum looks very old as some other buildings in london , but it is very modern inside .
 the museum looks very old , like some other buildings in london , but it is very modern inside .
 after going through the enormous door , you can see a huge white building , which is a library .
 after going through the enormous main door , you can see a huge round white building , which is a library .
 a lot of famous people have been to this library before !
 a lot of famous people have been to this library !
 the british hall is on the first floor , not far from the library .
 the british hall is on the first floor , not far from the library .
 it shows a large number of valuable things .
 it shows a large number of valuable things .
 almost each one tells you a story or gives you a picture about british history .
 almost every one tells you a story or gives you a picture of british history .
 i 'm sure all the students will gain a wonderful lesson !
 i 'm sure all the students will gain a wonderful lesson !
 apart from the history history , there are more content about the past of the world .
 apart from national history , there are more contents about the history of the world .
 you can go to many sections such as the plane hall , a vending hall , and so on .
 you can go to many sections such as the asian hall , egyptian hall , european hall and so on .
 countless fascinating things will definitely take you the whole day to appreciate .
 the countless fascinating things will definitely take you the whole day to appreciate .
 after a visit to british museum , you will certainly be able to put your history - five away !
 after a visit to the british museum , you will certainly be able to put your history textbook away !
 also you do n't have to pay any money for it , and the transport is extremely convenient , therefore british is your best choice . do n't be more comfortably !
 also you do n't have to pay any money for it , and the transport is extremely convenient , therefore the british museum is your best choice . do n't be hesitant any more !
 dear mrs smith .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to you to give you the information about the basis .
 i am writing to you to give you the information about the conference .
 the hotel your group has been booked into is called - hotel .
 the hotel your group has been booked into is called the palace hotel .
 it is simple to find the way from this hotel to the africa .
 it is simple to find your way from this hotel to the conference .
 you only need to cross the street in front of your hotel .
 you only need to cross the street in front of your hotel .
 there you will find a modern building with two different doors a red and a blue one .
 there you will find a modern building with two different doors , a red one and a blue one .
 you are asked to take the blue door .
 you are asked to go through the blue door .
 after coming you will see the coach room .
 after entering , you will see the conference room which will be signposted .
 we organized a end - of - 's party on the day before your departure .
 we have organized an end - of - conference party on the day before your departure .
 everyone is welcome to attend this party to get to know each other in a good atmosphere .
 everyone is welcome to join in with this party in order to get to know each other in a good atmosphere .
 you should wear nice and comfortable clothing .
 you should wear nice comfortable clothes .
 this is an exhausting party .
 this is an informal party .
 i suggest you visiting the old part of cheques or going to the zoo before your departure .
 i suggest you visit the old part of zurich or go to the zoo before your departure .
 i am looking forward to meeting you at the courts .
 i am looking forward to meeting you at the conference .
 if there is any question left , please contact me .
 if there are any more questions , please contact me .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 the most important invention
 the most important invention
 i loveing , plains and switch .
 i love baking cakes , cookies and breads .
 fell is passion and in the town i live i 'm known for making the best cakes in the area .
 baking is my passion and in the town where i live i 'm known for making the best cakes in the area .
 it does n't matter what kind of mood i am , i can do it all the time and it makes me feel good .
 it does n't matter what kind of mood i am in , i can do it all the time and it makes me feel good .
 but i could n't possibly without an oven oven .
 but i could n't bake without an oven .
 i 'm so grateful for this invention which allows me to live my passion .
 i 'm so grateful for this invention which allows me to live my passion .
 i think the oven is one of the most important inventions .
 i think the oven is one of the most important inventions .
 if there is someone who does n't agree with me , he or she should try to live one month without using the oven .
 if there is someone who does n't agree with me , he or she should try to live for one month without using an oven .
 besides that he or she should look carefully into what he or she carried .
 in addition to that , he or she should look carefully into what he or she buys .
 i 'm positive that after such an experience everyone says that the microwave is a really important invention for our lives .
 i 'm positive that after such an experience everyone would say that the oven is a really important invention for our lives .
 i 'm thanking the person who invented the oven oven .
 i 'd like to thank the person who invented the oven .
 thank you !
 thank you !
 dear mrs. smith ,
 dear mrs. smith ,
 i am writing in reply to your letter .
 i am writing in reply to your letter .
 i am sorry about the biggest brown .
 i am sorry about richard brown .
 and i understand that you need help , so that i will help you as far as i can .
 and i understand that you need help , so i will help you as far as i can .
 firstly , the hotel which i was booked for you is a hotel that is located close to the beginners .
 firstly , the hotel which has been booked for you is palace hotel which is located close to the conference .
 in order to get from the hotel to the development , you just need to take the bus we will offer .
 in order to get from the hotel to the conference , you just need to take the bus we will provide .
 secondly , the end - of - called party will take place in the same hall as the basis at 0 p.m. , which includes dinner and an announcement by the unpredictable of the players .
 secondly , the end - of - conference party will take place in the same hall as the conference at 0 p.m. , which includes dinner and an announcement by the president of the conference .
 the party is arranged as a casual party , therefore , you can wear comfortable clothes . you can expect to meet many students from other schools as well .
 the party is arranged as a casual party , therefore , you can wear comfortable clothes . you can expect to meet many students from other schools as well .
 finally , if you want to have an exciting experience in here , i strongly suggest that you go to the musicals .
 finally , if you want to have an exciting experience here , i strongly suggest that you go to the musicals .
 as you may hear , our city is well known for the musicals .
 as you may have heard , our city is well known for the musicals .
 or , if you want to relax , you can take a walk in the park in ten minutes on a distance from the hotel .
 or , if you want to relax , you can take a walk in the park situated at ten minutes ' distance on foot from the hotel .
 whatever you choose , you will be satisfied with your choice .
 whatever you choose , you will be satisfied with your choice .
 if you have more questions about the planes and something else , do not hesitate to ask me . i would be glad to be able to help you .
 if you have more questions about the conference or anything else , do not hesitate to ask me . i would be glad to be able to help you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 some inventions are not professional as great things even though life without them can not be imagined .
 some inventions are not regarded as great things even though life without them can not be imagined .
 people do not have the impression on important inventions any more , because they have been getting more popular and common .
 people do not have the impression on important inventions any more , because they have been getting more popular and common .
 however , there is something which is still believed that it was an unpleasantinging invention .
 however , there is something about which it is still believed that it was an extremely important invention .
 this is electricity invented by patience .
 this is electricity , invented by edison .
 from my point of view , the reason why electricity is such an important invention is that most of machines , and the field which are used in modern times can be clear with only electricity , which makes people not too much opportunities .
 in my opinion , the reason why electricity is such an important invention is that most machines , appliances and equipment which are used in modern times can only be operated with electricity , which makes people not do too much physical labour .
 what is more , many inventions have been recommended by electricity .
 what is more , many inventions have been accelerated by electricity .
 in my life , i use electricity in many different ways .
 in my life , i use electricity in many different ways .
 at night , i can study because of it . and also it saves my saves time which would be used up for doing housework such as warm , cleaning and ironing .
 at night , i can study because of it . and it also saves my time which would be used up doing housework such as laundry , cleaning rooms and ironing .
 it makes my life more convenient than it without it .
 it makes my life more convenient than it would be without it .
 to sum up , although people do not feel that electricity is a great invention , the fact that electricity is one of the most important inventions in the world will not be changed .
 to sum up , although people do not feel that electricity is a great invention any more , the fact that electricity is one of the most important inventions in the world will not be changed .
 00th june 0000
 00th june 0000
 dar mrs. maria smith ,
 dear mrs. maria smith ,
 i am very glad to help you about the international student 's student .
 i am very glad to help you with the international student conference .
 i hope that our grandparents produce brown does n't have any serious will miss .
 i hope that our friend richard brown does n't have any serious illnesses .
 fell , where is the phone .
 referent , where is the conference ?
 this will be in the lighting and we do n't need to worry for the best way because in all the main band in the middle have given with the correct way to the popular hotel .
 this will be in the casino hotel and we do n't need to worry about the best way to get there because all the main routes in devonport have signs that show the correct way to this popular hotel .
 after finish the states , there is a party in the same hotel .
 after the conference , there is a party in the same hotel .
 at this party there are ; some food , soft drinks , music , music , and a special place for dancing .
 at this party , there will be some food , soft drinks , music and a special place for dancing .
 this party is for the students so the kinds of teenage , wo n't be so formal .
 this party is for the students so the clothes wo n't be so formal .
 on the day free before catch our plane .
 on the free day before catching our plane .
 we could continue two options for spending our free time .
 we can choose between two options for spending our free time .
 one is a guide on the city , and another is visiting the chocolate factory .
 one is a guided tour of the city centre , and another is visiting the chocolate factory .
 please , if you have any more question , please call me at the accommodation .
 please , if you have any more questions , please call me on 00000000 .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 i can live without this .
 i can live without this .
 it 's true .
 it 's true .
 in our lives , maybe , could n't be without electricity .
 in our lives , maybe , could n't be without electricity .
 some people can live without this , but i am sure that the world would be very different .
 some people can live without this , but i am sure that the world would be very different .
 when we are using different equipment in our houses , we are using the electricity .
 when we use different equipment in our homes , we are using electricity .
 small things but very smart in our lives .
 small things but very important in our lives .
 for example : t.v. , computer , just light and a long list that now i can not write .
 for example : t.v. , computer , just light and a long list that now i can not write .
 i do n't like t , my house of my life , without all this facilities .
 i do n't like thinking of my house or my life without all these facilities .
 in winter , when it is dark very early , and after , i need to spend my free time in home .
 in winter when it gets dark very early , and after , i need to spend my free time at home .
 what can i do without my music and my computer .
 what can i do without my music and my computer ?
 now , just you need to think that you would do or what would happen in a city , with a car , kitchen , televisions , trees , all these things without lights .
 now , you just need to think that you would do or what would happen in a city , with a car , aeroplanes , shops , all these things without lights .
 finally . i think that everybody knows that the electricity is very important invent and for me it is the best .
 finally , i think that everybody knows that electricity is a very important invention and for me it is the best .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 thanks for your last letter and i am sorry sorry for not give you enough information .
 thanks for your last letter and i am sorry about not giving you enough information .
 we have already booked a 0 stars hotel - classrooms hotel , which is near the river , in the - on - on - price .
 we have already booked a 0-star hotel - the palace hotel , which is near the river thames , in walton - on - thames .
 it is not far away from the station so we will go there by train .
 it is not far away from the station so we will go there by train .
 the end - of - year will be held in an india restaurant , which is next to the hotel .
 the end - of - conference party will be held in an indian restaurant , which is next to the hotel .
 it is causing to be held during 0 pm to 00 pm .
 it is supposed to be from 0 pm to 00 pm .
 also there are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and discos is also provided .
 also there are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and a disco is also provided .
 you can wear anything you like , we would like you to be just yourself and have fun .
 you can wear anything you like . we would like you just to be yourself and have fun .
 as you know , our area is quite famous and lots of people come and visit it every year .
 as you know , our area is quite famous and lots of people come and visit it every year .
 there are so many things to do , unfortunately , there , there is just 0 hours .
 there are so many things to do . unfortunately , there are just 0 hours .
 i recommend the high street in the centre of our area because it is quite good for shopping .
 i recommend the high street in the centre of our area because it is quite good for shopping .
 so you can buy gifts for your friends or families .
 so you can buy gifts for your friends or families .
 i hope i have given you enough information and if you still have some doubts , please do not your education to contact us .
 i hope i have given you enough information and if you still have some questions , please do not hesitate to contact us .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 nowadays , our lives is becoming better and better .
 nowadays , our lives are becoming better and better .
 lots of great inventions has been invented in order to make people live comfort .
 lots of great inventions have been invented in order to help people live comfortably .
 if you ask me which is the greatest invention of all , i will say that it is the television .
 if you ask me which is the greatest invention of all , i will say that it is the television .
 " televisions is just an amazing invention . " my good friend said that i agree with her .
 " television is just an amazing invention . " my good friend said that . i agree with her .
 firstly , televisions makes us know more about the world without travel it all .
 firstly , televisions let us know more about the world without travelling it all .
 if there are no televisions , we wo n't know what are the other countries like , or even what language they speak to either we go to that country .
 if there were no televisions , we would n't know what the other countries were like , or even what language they speak , unless we went to that country .
 secondly , for some points , it can be a young children .
 secondly , in some ways , it can educate young children .
 many tv communicate are especially made for children , such as " learn me " and " be good to others " .
 many tv programmes are specially made for children , such as " learn follow me " and " be good to others " .
 actually , they are quite good contact and helped me know what i should do generally or how to revise to lie when i was still a child .
 actually , they are quite good programmes and helped me learn what i should do generally or how to behave well when i was still a child .
 the last but not least , it is a good kind of entertainment .
 last but not least , it is a good kind of entertainment .
 maybe you will think that playing basketball , going to the owner and discos are much better that staying at home sitting in front of an object .
 maybe you think that playing basketball and going to cinemas and discos are much better than staying at home sitting in front of an object .
 however , televisions can bring you the fun that other activities ca n't .
 however , televisions can bring you the fun that other activities ca n't .
 if sometimes i do n't want to go out and i do n't want to be lonely , that 's easy , just turn on the television and enjoy myself .
 if sometimes i do n't want to go out and i do n't want to be lonely , it 's easy , i just turn on the television and enjoy myself .
 however , everything has its advantages and disadvantages .
 however , everything has its advantages and disadvantages .
 personally , i do think televisions is the most important invention .
 personally , i do think televisions are the most important invention .
 dear mrs. maria smith .
 dear mrs. maria smith ,
 i got your letter this morning and i am very pleased to give you some information .
 i got your letter this morning and i am very pleased to give you some information .
 as i know , he booked the lighting hotel in portugal .
 as i know , he booked the palace hotel in the downtown area .
 when you go to the conferencing , you can take a bus or a taxi .
 when you go to the conference , you can take a bus or a taxi .
 but if you have enough time , i would like to recommend to walk .
 but if you have enough time , i would like to recommend walking .
 because there are a lot of beautiful trees and you can see the sea .
 because there are a lot of beautiful trees and you can see the sea .
 and also it takes just fifteen minutes .
 and also it takes just fifteen minutes .
 i think everybody can enjoy it .
 i think everybody can enjoy it .
 by the way the end of - of the whole party is a kind of fair party .
 by the way , the end - of - conference party is a kind of farewell party .
 there will be three parts .
 there will be three parts .
 the first part , the telephone and a few seconds will have a speech and the second part , the fifteenth will surely , and the last part it will provide dinner and drinks , will provide dinner .
 the first part , the chairman and a few guests will give a speech and the second part , the participants will evaluate themselves , and the last part will consist of dinner and drinks .
 it will be not too formal party .
 it will not be too formal a party .
 so you can wear what you like .
 so you can wear what you like .
 moreover , i would like to recommend ' city tour ' for three hours .
 moreover , i would like to recommend a ' city tour ' for three hours .
 everybody likes themselves .
 everybody will enjoy themselves .
 it is  00 each and there is a discount for groups .
 it is  00 each and there is a reduction for groups .
 i hope it will be a good tip for you and if you have any problem , you can contact with me any time .
 i hope it will be a good tip for you and if you have any problem , you can contact me anytime .
 and have a nice time in my town and send my regard to oxygen .
 and have a nice time in my town and send my regards to richard .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 nowadays there are a lot of inventions around the world , and they make us more comfortable and convenient .
 nowadays there are a lot of inventions around the world , and they make us more comfortable and our lives more convenient .
 moreover we can not live without them .
 moreover we can not live without them .
 for example : electricity , computer , tele , fell , boat , cars ( a puncture ) , etc .
 for example : electricity , the computer , telephone , boat , and car ( wheel ) , etc .
 none of them are unimportant for us .
 none of them are unimportant for us .
 but i think the invention of electricity is the most important thing among them .
 but i think the invention of electricity is the most important thing among them .
 if you look at home , there are a lot of electrical things .
 if you look around at home , there are a lot of electric things .
 electricity could be able to invent other things .
 electricity made us able to invent other things .
 it also gave us more free time , especially for women .
 it also gave us more free time , especially for women .
 it has absolutely women 's house our house working time .
 it has absolutely reduced women 's housework time .
 even furthermore we can enjoy our night with lights .
 we can enjoy our night even more with lights .
 if we want doing something , we can do it at night same as day .
 if we want to do something , we can do it at night the same as in the day .
 finally the quality of our life is changed by electricity .
 finally , the quality of our life is changed by electricity .
 it could reduce our working time and make us enjoyable .
 it could reduce our working time and make us enjoyable .
 it is also more and more .
 it is also advancing more and more .
 it will give us better future !
 it will give us a better future !
 have you ever imagined that you would drive a electric car !
 have you ever imagined that you would drive an electric car !
 00 june , 0000
 00 june , 0000
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter about the international student participate .
 thank you for your letter about the international student conference .
 here are answers for your questions .
 here are the answers to your questions .
 you will stay in the lighting , which is situated in front of the station , entertainment .
 you will stay in the palace hotel , which is situated opposite the railway station , camberley .
 to get the story , you catch the coach no author from the station and getting off at the middle college bus stop stop .
 to get to the conference , you catch the no.0 coach from the station and get off at the camberley college bus stop .
 it takes 0 minutes from the station .
 it takes 0 minutes from the station .
 when you get here , just turn to the left and you will find the stadium where the phone will be held .
 when you get here , just turn to the left and you will find the stadium where the conference will be held .
 the end - of - year will be held at the cafeteria in the college , which is next to the stadium .
 the end - of - conference party will be held in the cafeteria in the college , which is next to the stadium .
 it starts at 00 p.m. and ends at 00 pm .
 it starts at 0 p.m. and ends at 00 pm .
 we will prepare traditional english meals and some students from foreign country will prepare their hat foods .
 we will prepare traditional english meals and some students from foreign countries will prepare their ethnic foods .
 there is a museum next to the ticket station , which has good collections of paintings and , and it would be a good place for you to spend your free time .
 there is a museum next to the camberley station , which has a good collection of paintings and pottery , and it would be a good place for you to spend your free time .
 instead , there are a lot of shops around there , you can buy souvenirs .
 also , there are a lot of shops around there . you can buy souvenirs .
 i am looking forward to meeting you .
 i am looking forward to meeting you .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 to : student from the united states
 to : student from the united states
 from :
 from : juli
 the aim of this report is to describe the lighting castle in a few seconds .
 the aim of this report is to describe the haunted castle in camberley .
 place
 place
 this castle is situated in the centre of the town and surrounded by woods .
 this castle is situated in the centre of the town and surrounded by woods .
 inside of the castle is always dark in the daytime .
 the inside of the castle is always dark , even in the daytime .
 story
 story
 it is 000 years old , and it is said to be silent by lady a flash .
 it is 000 years old , and it is said to be haunted by a lady ghost .
 she asked music and every window in the castle .
 she appears occasionally and opens every window in the castle .
 it is believed that she was a ticket who worked there and fell out of the window .
 it is believed that she was a nanny who worked there and fell out of the window .
 people said she was searching something and still searching even if she had evolved for 000 years .
 people said she was seeking something and is still seeking it even though she has been dead for 000 years .
 conclusion
 conclusion
 the terrible story may not be true , but it has good furniture of 00th century , and the castle itself is very beautiful .
 the ghost story may not be true , but it has good furniture from the 00th century , and the castle itself is very beautiful .
 i think it is worth while to see .
 i think it is worthwhile seeing it .
 i hope you 'll enjoy visiting there .
 i hope you 'll enjoy going there .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i have received your letter this morning .
 i received your letter this morning .
 i am sorry to hear that the safety is ill and is unable to calm the conferencing ; i am glad that you are able to be the leader of the group .
 i am sorry to hear that richard is ill and is unable to attend the conference ; i am glad that you are able to be the leader of the group .
 i hope that these information below are very useful to you , during your assistance of stock .
 i hope that the information below is very useful to you , during your attendance at the conference .
 i have booked a hotel not far off from our school .
 i have booked a hotel not far from our school .
 the hotel is called down lighting hotel .
 the hotel is called the epsom down hotel .
 your plane will arrive in england by 0:00 .
 your plane will arrive in england by 0:00 .
 there will be a coach waiting for you , and the woman will be next to the information desk .
 there will be a coach waiting for you , and the driver will be next to the information desk .
 you should arrive at the hotel by 00:00 .
 you should arrive at the hotel by 00:00 .
 you will have than an hour to check in and unfortunately , all your luggage .
 you will then have an hour to check in and unpack all your luggage .
 the development will start on time at 00:00 , so i would suggest you to leave hotel by 00:00 .
 the conference will start on time at 00:00 , so i would suggest you leave the hotel by 00:00 .
 the best way to get to the development is to follow along the fifteenth student and turn into the end , you than keep going so you will see the main entrance of the heat .
 the best way to get to the conference is to follow the college road and turn left toward the end . you then keep going straight . you will eventually see the main entrance to the college .
 when you get into the college you can just ask any boys at the college where to go from then .
 when you get into the college you can just ask any boys in the college where to go from then .
 they all knows where the boss is and when .
 they all know where the conference is and when .
 at the end of the conferencing , we will have a party .
 at the end of the conference , we will have a party .
 the party is to let all the students to know each other better .
 the party is to let all the students get to know each other better .
 the party will be in the dance hall next to virtually the room .
 the party will be in the dance hall next to the conference room .
 i will surely insist them to wear formal clothing , as in june , trousers and elegant .
 i would suggest they wear formal clothing , such as tie , trousers and blazer .
 for the afternoon free time on the last day .
 for the afternoon free time on the last day .
 there are a wide variety of choices that they can do .
 there are a wide variety of choices in the things that they can do .
 they can play tennis , do a swimming , swimming ... and many other sports event in our school , if they want to .
 they can play tennis , do athletics , swim ... and many other sports activities in our school , if they want to .
 or they can also visit the telephone town .
 or they can also visit epsom town .
 there are shops which sales clothes , food , and books ... they can decide what they want to do , it 's entirely up to them .
 there are shops which sell clothes , food , and books ... they can decide what they want to do . it 's entirely up to them .
 i am looking forward to seeing you and hope you have a safe safe of england over to england .
 i am looking forward to seeing you and hope you have a safe flight over to england .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 dear leader ,
 dear group leader ,
 welcome to taiwan .
 welcome to taiwan .
 this report is based on an interesting building , where you can take , for your students to visit .
 this report is based on an interesting building , where you can take your students .
 this building is situated , the capital .
 this building is situated in taipei , the capital .
 the building is called - peace - peace - telephone hall .
 the building is called the chiang kei - shek memorial hall .
 nearly everyone knows where this building is , so if you have a chance , just ask the local people in news about this building .
 nearly everyone knows where this building is , so if you have a chance , just ask the local people in taipei about this building .
 the electronic desks planes is surrounded by large courts .
 the memorial hall is surrounded by large playgrounds .
 as you go into the main hall , you will see a huge variety of age - , this is because the building is remember of how well - up did in history .
 as you go into the main hall , you will see a huge statue of chiang kei - shek . this is because the building is the remembrance of how well chiang did in history .
 the organisers is about 00 feet .
 the statue is about 00 feet high .
 next to the ticket is protected by the checkout , the equipment will change every four hours .
 the statue is protected by guards . the guards will change every four hours .
 apart from the main hall , there are also lots of other hundreds .
 apart from the main hall , there are also lots of other galleries .
 in these example , there are mainly , separated , especially furniture which works used .
 in these galleries there are historical paintings and antique furniture which chiang used .
 these finish are very old , even older than the history of america .
 these treasures are very old , even older than the history of america .
 all these treasure were brought over to discover by plane during the balloons in china .
 all these treasures were brought over to taiwan by chiang during the defeat in china .
 they are all been well look after .
 they are all being well looked after .
 as well as all the treasure , peace and historical paintings ...
 as well as all the treasures , statues and historical paintings ...
 there are also the rest of the telephone and modern entertainment .
 there are also restaurants and modern galleries .
 when you are tired after looking around you might want to buy drinks or something to eat , or if you are fed up with the historical thing , you 'll be comfortable just comfortable into modern material to see things which are more modern .
 when you are tired after looking around you might want to buy drinks or something to eat , or if you are fed up with historical things , you might as well just pop into the modern gallery to see things which are more modern .
 finally , if you went to visit this building i will recommend you stay at a hotel not far from the robbers hall called a holiday 's hotel .
 finally , if you want to visit this building i would recommend you stay at a hotel not far from the memorial hall called the hyatt hotel .
 it only take about five minutes if you walk .
 it only takes about five minutes if you walk .
 i hope you will all have a great time in taiwan and i hope you will enjoy the building .
 i hope you will all have a great time in taiwan and i hope you will enjoy the building .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i have received your letter dated on the 00th june 0000 .
 i have received your letter dated the 00th of june 0000 .
 i am very happy to help you and i hope that the information that i am going to give you , will be enough .
 i am very happy to help you and i hope that the information that i am going to give you will be satisfactory .
 the international student schools will be in the lighting hotel in lausanne .
 the international student conference will be in the palace hotel in lausanne .
 the hotel is a big building in the middle of the town near the place " st - " .
 the hotel is a big building in the middle of the town near the square , " st - franois " .
 and the name of the street is " definitely - 's identification " .
 and the name of the street is " grand - chne " .
 you can not miss it .
 you can not miss it .
 after the consequences , we are going to stay in the lighting cake but instead to stay in the coach room , we are going to move to the reception room where a dinner will be prepared for us .
 after the conference , we are going to stay in the palace hotel but instead of staying in the conference room , we are going to move to the reception room where a dinner will be served for us .
 afterwards , a live band are going to play the rest of the night .
 afterwards , a live band is going to play for the rest of the night .
 for the clothes , you have to wear something smart and classical music .
 regarding the clothes , you have to wear something smart and classic .
 if you want to stay in lausanne during your afternoon , the best thing to do is to go to the opportunity .
 if you want to stay in lausanne during your free afternoon , the best thing to do is to go to ouchy .
 there , you can enjoy the landscape and have a sunhe .
 there , you can enjoy the landscape and sunbathe .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 student
 olympic museum
 the aim of this report is to give further information on an interesting building to visit in lausanne .
 the aim of this report is to give you further information on an interesting building to visit in lausanne .
 it is based on my own experience .
 it is based on my own experience .
 why the olympics museum .
 why the olympic museum ?
 the friday museum is situated near the lake and offered , for the tourists , an unbelievable view on the mountains and the lake on the lake .
 the olympic museum is situated near the lake and offers , for the tourist , an unbelievable view of the mountains and the lake .
 but also , the museum have a lot of gardens with several routine .
 but also the museum has a lot of gardens with several statues .
 besides , the architecture of the building is beautiful and very modern .
 also , the architecture of the building is beautiful and very modern .
 first of all , the main interests of the museum is the olympics history .
 first of all , the main interest of the museum is olympic history .
 you can find a lot of patience about it and you have several personal treatment .
 you can find a lot of documents about it and you have several competitors personal objects .
 in addition , you can play with several ovens and learn about the rules of the olympics games .
 in addition , you can play several interactive games and learn about the rules of the olympic games .
 reasons for mourning .
 reasons for recommendation .
 the principal reason is the cheapest price .
 the principal reason is the cheap price .
 you pay only to the entrance and you can stay in all the time that you want .
 you pay only to frs for entry and you can stay all the time that you want .
 on the other hand , if you are more than 00 people , you can have a group price and pay only 0 per person .
 on the other hand , if there are more than 00 people , you can pay a group price and pay only 0 frs per person .
 it seems that this solution might be the best way to visit this museum .
 it seems that this option might be the best way to visit this museum .
 conclusion .
 conclusion .
 to sum up , the olympics museum is a very attractive places and could be a good trip with your family or your student group .
 to sum up , the olympic museum is a very attractive place and could be a good trip with your family or your student group .
 therefore , if you want to learn something about the restaurants games , it must be the best place for this .
 therefore , if you want to learn something about the olympic games , it must be the best place for you .
 dear maria ,
 dear maria ,
 i 'm so happy to help you for this international student 's licence .
 i 'm so happy to help you with this international student conference .
 i 'm afraid for peace .
 i 'm sorry to hear about richard .
 could you please tell him my best wishes of health ?
 could you please give him my best wishes for his health ?
 i 'm sure you can perfectly it to lead your group .
 i 'm sure that you can perfectly replace him to lead your group .
 at first , you should know that you are booked into the hotel that is one of the best in the town .
 first , you should know that you are booked into the palace hotel , that is one of the best in the town .
 the access to discover the place is very easy .
 the access to the conference place is very easy .
 first of all , you must walk down to the central street until you arrive at the bus stop , then you take the bus number of two that month to the college .
 first of all , you must walk down central street until you arrive at the bus stop , then you take the number two bus that goes directly to the college .
 after the phone , there is a great party that is organised by friends .
 after the conference , there is a great party that is being organised by friends .
 it starts at twenty o'clock until the end of the night , so he was ready !
 it starts at eight o'clock until the end of the night , so be prepared !
 there is no special queue for the wearing style but it should be more fun if you wear something crazy ...
 there is no special dress code but it would be more fun if you wear something crazy ...
 finally , i propose to go to the new college swimming pool on the last day afternoon .
 finally , i suggest you go to the new college swimming pool on the last day in the afternoon .
 every body will go there .
 everybody will go there .
 i hope you will have fun !
 i hope you will have fun !
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 hello ,
 hello ,
 i will give you some information on the news 's castle .
 i will give you some information on yverdon 's castle .
 this building is one of the oldest that appears in the landscape of the town .
 this building is one of the oldest that is in the landscape of the town .
 i think it 's important to see it when you go there because it shows us how the town had been developed around its development .
 i think it 's important to see it when you come here because it shows us how the town has been developed around it since its creation .
 those days , the castle is being patience , so there is a lot of construction around it .
 these days , the castle is being remade , so there is a lot of construction machinery around it .
 that 's not a big problem because there is a complete museum in it where you can see old pictures of the castle during the centuries .
 that 's not a big problem because there is a complete museum inside it where you can see old pictures of the castle over the centuries .
 there is a lot of old items that were in the king 's family .
 there are a lot of old items that were in the king 's family .
 you should have probably heard about the world who haven there for about two thousand ... you can see it in the world .
 you would have probably heard about the mummy who has slept there for about two thousand years ... you can see it in the dungeon .
 so you can visit everywhere you want with or without a guide .
 so you can visit everywhere you want with or without a guide .
 i hope you will enjoy the visit and i wish you a nice holiday in news .
 i hope you will enjoy the visit and i wish you a nice holiday in yverdon .
 best regards ,
 best regards ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 thank you for your letter .
 i will try my best to answer the questions .
 i will try my best to answer the questions .
 first of all , we have already booked the five - stars hotel for your group .
 first of all , we have already booked the five - star hotel for your group .
 it is a modern hotel , near our college , and it is also very convenient to come from the airport . you can take both by buses or entertainment .
 it is a modern hotel , near our college , and it is also very convenient for the airport . you can take either bus or taxies .
 the window 000 bus starts from the airport , then you can get off from " city " stop .
 the number 000 bus leaves from the airport , then you can get off at the " city college " stop .
 it would be a great chance to a peaceful part in the party for everyone .
 it would be a great chance for everyone to attend the party .
 this is just a relaxing party , just for the members members have a chance to relax and make friends .
 this is just a relaxing party , just so the members have a chance to relax and make friends .
 so i think you 'd better wear a dress .
 so i think you 'd better wear a dress .
 finally , about the free three hours , my personal prefer to go shopping .
 finally , about the three free hours , my personal preference is to go shopping .
 our city has got the biggest shop centre in south england , there are so many shops .
 our city has got the biggest shopping centre in south england . there are so many shops .
 it starts on time spend time and money on that .
 it is worth spending time and money on that .
 i look forward to seeing you !
 i look forward to seeing you !
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 nowadays people have become acquainted to watching karaoke . 's unbelievable every day .
 nowadays people have become used to watching television programmes every day .
 the tv is so important that you can see it in every family , and it is a essential equipment for everyone .
 the tv is so important that you can see one in every home , and it is an essential item for everyone .
 first of all , in my opinion , tv has a great education , and also makes the world become small .
 first of all , in my opinion , tv has a great educational function , and it also makes the world smaller .
 you can just sit at home then you can know what is happening all over the world at the moment .
 you can just sit at home and you can know what is happening all over the world at that moment .
 i would rather watching the news on tv in the face of reading in newspaper or listen on radio because the news on tv are watching .
 i would rather watch the news on tv instead of reading a newspaper or listening to the radio because the news on tv is vivid .
 moreover , the tv is a great company for the people who live alone or feel alone . i would like to open tv when i stay at home .
 moreover , the tv is great company for people who live alone or feel alone . i like to turn on the tv when i stay at home .
 someone are talking , talking , crying on there , so join them , you will feel much better than just yourself .
 someone is talking , laughing , crying on there , so join them . you will feel much better than you would just by yourself .
 some tv express are unique !
 some tv programmes are enjoyable !
 however , tv also has some disadvantages .
 however , tv also has some disadvantages .
 you just sitting in front of tv for hours learn nothing , or no more talk with your family .
 you might just sit in front of the tv for hours learning nothing , or no longer talk with your family .
 i think this is the bad influence in society .
 i think this is the worst influence in society .
 in the end , the tv has both advantages and disadvantages , microwaves , but on the whole advantages is better than disadvantages .
 in conclusion , tv has both advantages and disadvantages , but on the whole the advantages are greater than the disadvantages .
 so , but on the whole , tv still is a wonderful and important invention on the world .
 so on the whole , tv still is a wonderful and important invention on the world .
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to you to give you more information about an international student .
 i am writing to you to give you more information about the international student conference .
 the group has been booked into industrial hotel at high street , which is very easy to find .
 the group has been booked into the king hotel on high street , which is very easy to find .
 and the best way to get from there to the executive is following the rod of the hotel to the right , then cross the world to the opposite to the opposite .
 and the best way to get from there to the conference is by following the road in front of the hotel to the right , then cross the zebra crossing to the opposite side .
 after that walk to the right about 00 metres and you will find the conferencing of which is called white house .
 after that walk to the right about 00 metres and you will find the conference venue , which is called the white house .
 at the end of the end , we are going to have an international dinner as well as some shows from the students in my college .
 at the end of the conference , we are going to have an international dinner as well as some shows from the students in my college .
 as this is a special item so you could wear your own national dress to present your country .
 as this is a special conference you could wear your own national dress to represent your country .
 finally , on the last day you could spend your free time to visit our town hall , which you will be able to learn more about my area - or do some shopping centre at high street .
 finally , on the last day you could spend your free time visiting our town hall where you will be able to learn more about my area - or you could do some shopping on high street .
 if you want more information , please contact me and i am looking forward to seeing you soon .
 if you want more information , please contact me and i am looking forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mr. bill ,
 dear mr. bill ,
 i am writing to give an information on a very interesting building to visit .
 i am writing to give information on a very interesting building .
 it is called pen , as the building will tell you all about patience .
 it is called penrhyh castle , and this building will tell you all about wales .
 on the positive side , you and the group will be thankful to learn more about the art work which are presented on the wall , on the door and some research .
 on the positive side , you and the group will be able to learn more about welsh artworks which are presented on the wall , on the door and some furniture .
 the building itself looks catherine and beautiful .
 the building itself looks splendid and beautiful .
 on the other hand , you might find something which is very boring such as walking along the old - shirt which causes some noise .
 on the other hand , you might find something which is very boring such as walking along the old wooden floor which causes some noise .
 and some old story might look peaceful .
 and some old toilets might look awful .
 but in my recommendation , i think it would be nice for the students to get and see this building .
 but in my opinion it would be nice for the students to come and see this building .
 because they will be able to learn and compare with the place in their country .
 because they will be able to learn and compare the place with their country .
 as a scientist is not modern america , so the students will probably get the idea of looking back to the old thing .
 as wales is not modern like america , the students will probably get an interest in looking at old things .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mrs maria smith .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i was really pleased to receive your letter .
 i was really pleased to receive your letter .
 unfortunately brown brown is ill but i can help you as much as i can .
 unfortunately richard brown is ill but i can help you as much as i can .
 so , i 'm writing to reply to give you the information you asked for .
 so , i 'm writing to reply to give all the information you asked for .
 firstly , we 've booked hotel , which is located in the central exhibition .
 firstly , we 've booked palace hotel , which is located in central .
 the best way to get from the hotel to the development its using because it takes only 00 minutes .
 the best way to get from the hotel to the conference is using the tube because it takes only 00 minutes .
 the pipe is 0 line which is red colour .
 the tube is line 0 which is red .
 and your mood would be better for the end of a party .
 and your speech would be better for the end of conference party .
 i suggest suggest you wear at least , formal , contrary such as a jacket with other clothes .
 i 'd suggest you wear at least , semi - formal clothes such as a jacket with other clothes .
 finally , i give you some suggestions which could spend for about 0 hours in the national museum in my area .
 finally , i give you some suggestions which could spend for about 0 hours in the national museum in my area .
 the museum can be helpful to understand our country ' history and art .
 the museum can be helpful to understand our country 's history and art .
 i look forward to seeing you soon .
 i look forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 computers is the most important invention in our life .
 the computer is the most important invention in our life .
 some people might say the electricity more important than another thing .
 some people might say electricity is more important than any other thing .
 it 's hard to say which is the most important invention .
 it 's hard to say which is the most important invention .
 however , i 'd say computers is more amazing invention rather than another inventions such as the telephone , the car .
 however , i 'd say the computer is a more amazing invention rather than other inventions such as the telephone , the car .
 recently computer is really necessary and we ca n't manage to work without them .
 recently the computer has become really necessary and we ca n't manage to work without them .
 not only is for checking , but also in my life .
 not only for bussiness , but also in my life .
 for instance , when i want to flee with my friend , it 's quite helpful by using e - mail - mail .
 for instance , when i want to contact my friend , it 's quite helpful to use e - mail .
 before the computer had been invented , we could n't possibly have lots of information easily and we could n't contact with foreign countries in the same time .
 before the computer had been invented , we could n't possibly have lots of information easily and we could n't contact foreign countries at the same time .
 and also it 's time to make new system which makes us use easier and more simple , so far more people can enjoy computers more than before .
 and also it 's time to make new systems which makes use easier and more simple , so far more people can enjoy computers than before .
 despite amazing invention , some times makes a big problem , such as television ( some people called " 0000 problem " , because computer not like a human 's brain .
 despite being an amazing invention , sometimes the computer causes a big problem , such as the millennium bug ( some people called it the " 0000 problem " ) , because computers are not flexible enough like a human 's brain .
 however , the computer is worth to use in our life until more peaceful machine will be invented .
 however , the computer is worth using in our life until a more convenient machine is invented .
 dear mrs. smith ,
 dear mrs. smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 thank you for your letter .
 i am very pleased to give you the information you requested .
 i am very pleased to give you the information you requested .
 we are holding the party at the royal production - magazine room at 0.00 pm on sit .
 we are holding the conference party at the royal lancaster hotel - banqueting room at 0.00 pm on sat .
 00 june .
 00 june .
 the nearest station is recommended .
 the nearest tube station is lancaster gate .
 as you know , we 've been working very hard all this term .
 as you know , we 've been working very hard all this term .
 so we decided at the end of profit party , we will have a buffet and a disco party .
 so we 've decided at the end - of - conference party we will have a buffet and a disco party .
 our students , then will get to know each other well .
 our students then will get to know each other well .
 i would suggest everybody to wear a casual dresses .
 i would suggest everybody wear casual dress .
 finally , i would recommend you and your group to enjoy shopping and sightseeing around oxford street and nearby .
 finally , i would recommend you and your group try shopping and sightseeing around oxford street and nearby .
 i look forward to seeing you and your group soon .
 i look forward to seeing you and your group soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 yours sincerely ,
 to : the group leader
 to : the group leader
 from :
 from :
 re : the computer centre .
 re : the barbican centre .
 as you requested , which is the interesting building to visit . i would strongly recommend the easiest building in the city .
 as you asked which is the most interesting building to visit , i would strongly recommend the barbican centre building in the city .
 it located in the city and the nearest station is julia .
 it is located in the city and the nearest tube station is moorgate station .
 the terrible centre built in 0000 .
 the barbican centre was built in 0000 .
 apart from twelve and important offices .
 apart from banks and important offices .
 there are also the world market exchange , an opera theatre , shoppingamb , books and records stores .
 there are also the world stock - market exchange , an opera theatre , shopping arcades , and book and record stores .
 it also held an exhibition everyone round all year .
 it also holds an international exhibition all year round .
 recently , the exhibition of africa just finished .
 recently , the african exhibition just finished .
 the opening time starts from 0.00 am till later at night when the theatre is closed .
 it is open from 0.00 am . till late at night when the theatre closes .
 the building is huge with high technology and construction and a success of security .
 the building is huge with modern technology and construction and tight security .
 it makes the building every year .
 it is upgraded the building every year .
 the terrible centre is a very important building in london .
 the barbican centre is a very important building in london .
 you and your group will visit one building which has so many places in this building .
 you and your group will visit one building which has very many places in this building .
 so that you can spend your time in one go .
 so you can spend your time in one go .
 dear mrs maria smith
 dear mrs smith
 thank you for your letter which arrived me this morning .
 thank you for your letter which arrived this morning .
 of course it is a pity that mr. brown has been ill , but we are happy that you are come now .
 of course it is a pity that mr. brown has been ill , but we are happy that you are coming now .
 you asked me which hotel the group had been booked .
 you asked me which hotel the group had been booked into .
 it is the lighting , about a mile away where the brings will take place .
 it is the palace hotel , about a mile away from where the conference will take place .
 the best way to get there , is to take the bus size 0 .
 the best way to get there is to take the number 0 bus .
 the bus stop is opposite the entrance of the hotel .
 the bus stop is opposite the entrance of the hotel .
 you will leave the bus at , , the royal " .
 you will get off the bus at " royal gardens " .
 turn left and go straight straight , and luckily street " at the need of this street there is the house number 00 .
 turn left and go straight along " baker street " . at the end of this street there is a house , number 00 .
 this is our college .
 this is our college .
 you wish to know all about , the end - of - a lot party .
 you wish to know all about the end - of - conference party .
 as far as i can see there will be only a little dinner and a group of young singers will surprise us by their songs .
 as far as i can see , there will be only a little dinner and a group of young singers will surprise us with their songs .
 moreover you asked what to wear . do not interfere .
 moreover you asked what to wear . do not worry .
 i would recommend you wearing some casual clothes , like a jeans , a doctor or a skirt and a jacket jacket .
 i would recommend you wear some casual clothes , like jeans , a blouse or a skirt and a jacket .
 do n't forget to wear a pair of comfortable shoes , shoes , because you will not have a chance to change it .
 do not forget to wear a pair of comfortable shoes , because you will not have the chance to change them .
 finally i give you some advice for what you could do for about the three hours .
 finally i will give you some advice about what you could do for about three hours .
 firstly we have a nice and interesting museum , it is located the near hotel .
 firstly , we have a nice interesting museum , it is located near the hotel .
 furthermore there is the zoo of a lot of different animals , located to walk within five minutes .
 also , there is the zoo with a lot of different animals , located within five minutes ' walk .
 lastly there is also a very old and famous church , with many coloured windows .
 lastly , there is also a very old and famous church , with many coloured windows .
 for further information please call me up . i hope you will have an interesting schedule here .
 for further information , please call me . i hope you will have an interesting conference here .
 i am looking forward to seeing you
 i am looking forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 the telephone a very important invention
 the telephone : a very important invention .
 in my early childhood my mother said to me that when she had been a thief girl there was only one telephone in the house where she had lived .
 in my early childhood my mother said to me that when she was a little girl there was only one telephone in the building where she lived .
 it has been in her parents ' apart .
 it was in her parents ' apartment .
 the neighbours had come into to make their balloons and to get their calls .
 the neighbours came to make their calls and to get their calls .
 today nobody could imagine such a situation .
 today nobody could imagine such a situation .
 in every school there is a telephone at least .
 in every household there is one telephone at least .
 there are a lot of advantages for it .
 there are a lot of advantages to it .
 firstly people are able to talk to person on every time : it is just for fun or also discuss some important and relevant - .
 firstly , people are able to talk to a person at any time , be it just for fun or to discuss some important and relevant things .
 moreover we always can call to help to the police , to the hospital or to a doctor .
 moreover we can always call the police , the hospital or a doctor for help .
 this could save life !
 this could save your life !
 another advantage is that all the offices , and entrance could not add without it .
 another advantage is that all offices , firms and industries could not exist without it .
 of course there is also a big disadvantage .
 of course there is also a big disadvantage .
 all people know this situation ; people do not want to be interrupted . maybe they are reading a book , having a good talk or are having a little ... then the telephone ... !
 all people know this situation : people want not to be interrupted , maybe they are reading a book , having a good talk or are having a little sleep ... then the telephone rings ... !
 it is not an easy disadvantage how to react now .
 it is not an easy decision how to react now .
 being repaired , most of us would go to the telephone .
 being sincere , most of us would go to the telephone .
 another point of disadvantage is that the mobile phones are suspended , everywhere and on every time .
 another point of disadvantage is that mobile phones are ringing everywhere and all the time .
 especially neither this kind of invention .
 especially youngsters misuse this kind of invention .
 to sum up this invention is one of the most useful things .
 to sum up , this invention is one of the most useful things .
 it is always the same how to people use it or not and how people handle it .
 it is always the same how people use it or not and how people handle it .
 dear mrs maria smith
 dear mrs maria smith
 thank you for your letter , which arrived yesterday .
 thank you for your letter , which arrived yesterday .
 i hope to give you , all the information need and please , if you want more information or the prices is not clear , please do n't close to contact me again .
 i hope to give you all the information you need and , please , if you want more information or something is not clear , please do n't hesitate to contact me again .
 the hotel is near the station and is call " grandparents , " .
 the hotel is near the station and is called " grand placad " .
 when you arrived you took the train for peace and after you have just across the road , in front of the station .
 when you arrive you take the train to guildford and after that you just have to cross the road in front of the station .
 it 's very comfortable , where you can find everything you need .
 it 's a very comfortable hotel where you can find everything you need .
 from there to the states you have to take the bus number 00 , which stop near the hotel and arrive in town .
 from there to the conference you have to take the number 00 bus , which stops near the hotel and arrives in the town centre .
 the example is organised in the rolling hall so it is very simple to find it .
 the conference is held in the civic hall so it is very easy to find it .
 at the end of the end there is a party a perfect opportunity for your students meet new friends from all part of word and they could speak about their experience .
 at the end of the conference there is a party , a perfect opportunity for your students to make new friends from all parts of the world and they can talk about their experience .
 i suggest that for example to wear something in peace very comfortable but elegant , the organisation want for all the boys wear jacket , the ticket is not necessary .
 for this conference i suggest wearing something very comfortable but elegant . the organisation wants all the men to wear a jacket , but a tie is not necessary .
 i do n't know rely what you can see , three hours i think is not enough but near the station there is a beautiful popular for its variety of petals .
 i do n't really know what you should see ; i do n't think three hours is enough but near the station there is a beautiful park , popular for its variety of flowers .
 if i found something a special item to visit in the three hours i call you .
 if i find something special you will be able to visit in three hours i will call you .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 dear madam or madam
 dear sir or madam
 it is very nice of you to come and visit my town .
 it is very nice of you to come and visit my town .
 in that area there are a lot of things you can see and some interesting building to visit .
 in this area there are a lot of things you can see and some interesting buildings to visit .
 the best building you must see is the price .
 the best building you must see is the cathedral .
 it is the more important church in that area for its century of apartheid .
 it is the most important church in this area because of its architecture .
 it is even a peaceful , it 's note made from many small people of wood , it 's windows with many colours , it is fantastic .
 it is something very special . its ceiling is made from many small pieces of wood . its windows with many colours . it is fantastic .
 it was built on the top of the hill and around there is only a huge field .
 it is built on the top of the hill and around it there is only a huge field .
 you can arrive here , because the bus stop just on the bottom of the hill .
 you can walk there because the bus stops just at the bottom of the hill .
 but really you must see it , the position of the ticket brings you a magazine a great queue .
 but really you must see it . the position of the cathedral gives you a special something a great tranquillity .
 i hope you like it .
 i hope you like it .
 i look forward to hearing from you
 i look forward to hearing from you
 best regards
 best regards
 dear maria ,
 dear maria ,
 i hope that all the information you need will be answered .
 i hope that all the information you need will be provided satisfactorily .
 first of all you have been booked at the telephone hotel .
 first of all you have been booked in at the palace hotel .
 secondly the best way to go from the hotel to the impressionable centre is to use one of the shut pounds we suggest organising this e o'clock .
 secondly the best way to go from the hotel to the conference centre is to use one of the shuttle buses we provide at this event .
 they are going to leave at 0 o'clock .
 they are going to leave at 0 o'clock .
 concerning the end of the party .
 concerning the end - of - conference party .
 it is going to take place in the same hotel , the lighting hotel , we suggest casual dressing for this special event .
 it is going to take place in the same hotel , the palace hotel . we suggest casual dress for this special event .
 finally , concerning your free afternoon , there are plenty of activities , but i suggest you , to visit the entrance center , which is a very special player .
 finally , concerning your free afternoon , there are plenty of activities , but i suggest you visit the caldea centre , which is a very special bath centre .
 if you need further information do not hesitate to contact us .
 if you need further information do not hesitate to contact us .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 dear j ,
 dear jhon ,
 in your previous letter you asked information about interesting building to visit in my country .
 in your previous letter you asked for information about interesting buildings to visit in my country .
 there are plenty of church , peace , and peace , walked and walked .
 there are plenty of churches , cathedrals , and old cottages .
 the church and the basis are very peaceful because of their different colours styles styles styles .
 the churches and the cathedral are very interesting because of their different romanic styles .
 i suggest you visit first the month of " , olga , a vending student " because it is the most disastrous building in the area .
 i suggest you visit first the cathedral of " le seu d'mrgell " because it is the most emblematic building in the area .
 if you are interested in more peaceful buildings i can suggest you to visit " , " , which is a very modern appliance centre with a beautiful architecture .
 if you are interested in more modern buildings i suggest you visit " caldea " , which is a very modern bath centre with beautiful architecture .
 finally , if none of my suggestion with yours expectations , let me more about what kind of buildings you are interested in and i 'll do all my best to find something more suitable .
 finally if none of my suggestions fit with your expectations , let me know more about what kind of buildings you are interested in and i 'll do my best to find something more suitable .
 best regards
 best regards
 june 00 , 0000
 june 00 , 0000
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 in reference of your letter , i will try to give you some advice .
 in reply to your letter , i will try to give you some advice .
 concerning the hotel , the group has been booked into the hotel .
 concerning the hotel , the group has been booked into the palace hotel .
 the development will take place not far from the hotel so you will see a shower to follow .
 the conference will take place not far from the hotel so you will see directions to follow .
 for the consequences , i suggest you to wear a beautiful dress , because there will be important people of others .
 for the conference , i suggest you wear a beautiful dress , because there will be important people from other colleges .
 at the end of the planes , all students and leader will have a drink .
 at the end of the conference , all students and leaders will have a drink .
 to finish , if you have spare time , you could walk on the centre of passion , which is very beautiful .
 to finish , if you have spare time , you could walk in the centre of poitiers which is very beautiful .
 i hope i have given you enough details .
 i hope i have given you enough details .
 i look forward to meeting you on the courts .
 i look forward to meeting you at the conference .
 yours faithfully ,
 yours faithfully ,
 the building called in french " turned centre " is a very embarrassing surprising .
 the building called in french " le centre pompidou " is a very surprising monument .
 it 's a modern building with an architecture that you ca n't see on other place .
 it 's a modern building with an architecture that you ca n't see in any other place .
 what is impressive on this building is the number of the ticket that you can see outside and inside the building .
 what is impressive about this building is the number of tubes that you can see outside and inside the building .
 on the world 's center , there are different cases on different cultures .
 in the pompidou centre , there are different exhibitions on different themes .
 in general , there are paintings , videos and sculptures .
 in general , there are paintings , videos and sculptures .
 this task are often very attractive and they change every year .
 these exhibitions are often very attractive and they change every year .
 another good point , if you go there you will have an extraordinary view on the city .
 another good point , if you go there you will have an extraordinary view over the city .
 so if you visit paris , the mediter 's centre is a very interesting building to visit , even if paris in paris there are many others buildings .
 so if you visit paris , the pompidou centre is a very interesting building to visit , even if in paris there are many other buildings .
 dear mrs smith .
 dear mrs smith .
 i am writing in response to your letter in order to give you some further information about the international student required in our college .
 i am writing in response to your letter in order to give you some further information about the international student conference at our college .
 i would like to inform you that your group has been booked into a flash hotel .
 i would like to inform you that your group has been booked into the palace hotel .
 it is situated in the centre of our town and it takes five minutes to get to college , where the phone is going to be held .
 it is situated in the centre of our town and it takes five minutes to get to the college , where the conference is going to be held .
 i think that the best choice for you is to take the 000 bus .
 i think that the best choice for you is to take the 000 bus .
 the bus stop you should get off is called " the green man " .
 the bus stop where you should get off is called " the green man " .
 with reference to the end - of - word parties , which is going to take place on tuesday from 0:00 phone , i would like to mention the necessary .
 with reference to the end - of - conference party , which is going to take place on tuesday from 0:00 until midnight , i would like to mention the necessary dress code .
 it is an evening dress for women and black trousers , a white shirt and a black rays for men .
 it is evening dress for women and black trousers , a white shirt and a black bow tie for men .
 lastly , i would like to give you some suggestions about the way of which you can spend your free time in our town .
 lastly , i would like to give you some suggestions about ways in which you can spend your free time in our town .
 i am strongly convinced that you should visit a local science museum .
 i am strongly convinced that you should visit the local science museum .
 also there is a very good shopping centre next to the museum .
 also there is a very good shopping centre next to the museum .
 i look forward to seeing your theatre and the hope that you will have a good time in our town .
 i look forward to seeing you at the conference and hope that you will have a good time in our town .
 yours sincerely
 yours sincerely
 as it is known , lots of different and important things were invented during the 00th century , nevertheless i believe that the most important one is the computer is the computer .
 as is widely known , lots of different and important things were invented during the 00th century , nevertheless i believe that the most important one is the computer .
 it is a fact that the modern society have created the demand for the ability to cope with the vast amounts of information .
 it is a fact that modern society has created the demand for an ability to cope with vast amounts of information .
 taking it into consideration i would like to say that the computer is the lighting for an wet , designers , billy , and so on and on .
 taking that into consideration i would like to say that the computer is a priceless invention for accountants , designers , engineers and so on .
 another point in favour is the opportunity to connect to the internet .
 another advantage is their ability to connect to the internet .
 it allows you to have all the necessary information " on your colleagues " .
 it allows you to have all the necessary information " at your fingertips " .
 also not least is the role of computers in the process of world in the world .
 also not least importantly is the role of computers in the process of production in factories around the world .
 on the other hand there are some disadvantages .
 on the other hand there are some disadvantages .
 for instance a lot of children nowadays replace their real life with the virtual world , which computers create .
 for instance a lot of children nowadays replace their real life with a virtual world which computers create .
 another task is that in computers 's computers , which keeps to the increasing of unemployment .
 another drawback is that in industry computers replace people 's labour , which leads to increasing unemployment .
 to conclude i would like to say that the entrance list of all developed countries would n't have been so concerned about so - called " problem " if the computer had not been so important for the modern society .
 to conclude i would like to say that the governments of all developed countries would n't have been so concerned about the so - called " problem 0000 " if the computer had not been so important for modern society .
 lena , 00th june 0000
 neuchtel , 00th june 0000
 dear mrs smith ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i thank you for your recent letter .
 thank you for your recent letter .
 first , i would like to congratulate you on your new responsibility , because of mr brown 's illness .
 first , i would like to congratulate you on your new responsibility , because of mr brown 's illness .
 i give you with great pleasure all the details needed .
 i will give you with great pleasure all the details needed .
 your group is staying in the lighting hotel , which is located directly the front of the bus station .
 your group is staying at the palace hotel , which is located directly opposite the bus station .
 to go to the survey from your hotel is really easy .
 to go to the conference from your hotel is really easy .
 you have to take the bus 0 and get off at " black house " , which is the third stop .
 you have to take the number 0 bus and get off at " black house " , which is the third stop .
 after the phone , at about 0 pm , a party is organised .
 after the conference , at about 0 pm a party is being organised .
 during it , everybody will have the opportunity to met and talk to the speakers of the salesmen .
 during it , everybody will have the opportunity to meet and talk to the speakers of the conference .
 food and housework will be available .
 food and beverages will be available .
 after the band , the band " patience one " is playing their famous songs .
 after the cocktails , the band " zero one " will play their famous songs .
 the clothes , required for the party are suits for men and received dresses for women .
 the clothes required for the party are suits for men and cocktail dresses for women .
 before your departure , you will have time to visit the restaurant or to make a sightseeing tour on our city .
 before your departure , you will have time to visit the olympic museum or to do a sightseeing tour of our city .
 i hope you will enjoy your trip in our city and look forward to meeting you on this matter .
 i hope you will enjoy your stay in our city and look forward to meeting you at this conference .
 yours faithfully ,
 yours sincerely ,
 report on the " paintings "
 report on the " paintings museum "
 in order to write this report , i spent hours in this wonderful museum .
 in order to write this report , i spent hours in this wonderful museum .
 there , i saw the ex and admired the building itself itself itself .
 there , i saw the exhibitions and admired the building itself .
 i walked around the garden too .
 i walked around the garden too .
 location
 location
 the museum is located in o , in front of the " fifth - five - called " .
 the museum is located in ouchy , opposite the " delamuraz hotel " .
 it is closed to the main road , and at 0.00 metres of the station .
 it is close to the main road , and 000 metres from the station .
 outside
 outside
 the building is made of white stones .
 the building is made of white stones .
 it has two floors .
 it has two floors .
 before going inside , you have to check through the huge garden .
 before going inside , you have to pass through the huge garden .
 there , cables , trees , trees , flowers and luckily can be admired .
 there , ponds , pools , trees , flowers and ducks can be admired .
 i recommend you to take your swim suit , because in summer , it is allowed to swim in a holiday .
 i recommend you to take your swimsuit , because in summer , it is allowed to swim in the pools .
 inside
 inside
 when you are inside the museum , you will be impressed by the paintings on the walls .
 when you are inside the museum , you will be impressed by the paintings on the walls .
 there were all painting during the war by nurses .
 they were all painted during the war by nurses .
 if you go down a few steps , you will discover the ticket .
 if you go down a few steps , you will discover the cellar .
 everything in this room is about practical .
 everything in this room is connected with wine .
 to learn the whole history of the building , there is a room refused to it on the first floor .
 to learn the whole history of the building , there is a room dedicated to it on the first floor .
 i particularly recommend you visiting the " blue " room " room .
 i particularly recommend you to visit the " blue " room .
 everything in this room is blue , the carpet , the ceiling , and even the door .
 everything in this room is blue , the carpet , the ceiling and even the door .
 according to the owner , it was a room where in the past people used to go when they were depressed .
 according to the owner , it was a room where in the past people used to go when they were depressed .
 conclusion
 conclusion
 to sum up , i would like to add that this house is the most famous in our city .
 to sum up , i would like to add that this house is the most famous in our city .
 you should come and visiting it for the paintings or for the itself itself .
 you should come and visit it for the paintings or for the building itself .
 you wo n't be disappointed .
 you wo n't be disappointed .
 the only negative point point is that you have to pay 00 invitation to visit the house and the garden .
 the only negative point is that you have to pay 00 francs to visit the house and the garden .
