 dear mrs smith ,
 i am sad to read about richard not being at his best .
 i hope that he will recover soon and that he will make it to concern .
 as far as organisation is concerned , adquire number of double rooms with shower or bath have been booked for your group at the paceal hotel located the main street from the traination stations .
 to come to our college , you can either watch downwhill to the lake front ( about 00 minutes ) or take the new certain from the traination .
 the college is just stairs away from the bottom end .
 the end of the conduct party will take place on a boat cruising on the lake .
 it will start by a speech from the director of the condence followed by a meal .
 the recent particular part will begin at 00 pm with a short musical comed by some of our students and end with fireks lawork laughed from the roof of the college at 0 am .
 as nights may be cold at this time of the year , may i suggest that you take with you a pover .
 apart of that , there is no recommendation as to what to wear .
 depending on the interests of your students , i would suggest that you visit the internet site of the tourist office : wnew ...
 yours sincerely
 where are you ?
 it is very often the first question that you will be asked when answering the phone .
 why ?
 because somebody has invented the most popular communication device ever .
 the mobile phone .
 once heavy , expensive and not reliable , the new mobile phone fits in almost any pocket and is given away by the operator to attract new customers .
 due to the mobile phone .
 communication has changed , not improved .
 of course it allows to be reached everywhere ( even in places you would n't want . )
 for rescue teams it is a great help .
 but is n't it a handicap outside professional life .
 should n't people communicate with those they are next to instead of calling someone 0 miles away .
 it is not rare to see two people walking side by side , both talking on the phone .
 would n't it be better to prepare the shopping list instead of deless home to ask which salad to buy .
 mobile phone is a marvellous invention but as for caretes , we should right on it .
 caution : use of this device may damage your brain .
 dear mrs smith
 i am writing to reply to your letter you wrote me in 00 june .
 firstly , i would like to tell you that the group has been booked into pacealing hotel , which locates beside the congress house in the centre .
 you can contact with mrs breakburies using the number 0000 .
 secondly , the best way from the hotel to the conference is to take the bus , which is special organized by us .
 the bus leaves at 0:00 every morning and gets back to the hotel at 0 o'clock in the evening .
 of course there 's also a bus number in front of the hotel is also suitable , but it leaves only every half an hour .
 the end - of conducting party , which happens in the evening on 00 june , it is going to be held on the coast .
 beside the barbecue , there are some well - known student bands from our country are performing music through the whole night .
 what 's more is that there 's a latout music coming to make the party more colourful .
 it plays from 00:00 to 00:00 , while the students can enjoy it with dancing .
 the main events of the party will end up at about 00:00 in the night .
 as you see , what to wear is just something casual .
 finally , in the last afternoon , we could visit the museums , markets ( we have a very interesting robot - market ) .
 basically it 's a free time for the students to look round here by themselves .
 i hope your questions research answered appropriate .
 i 'm looking forward to seeing you on the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 computer life
 now - a day computer can be found in almost every corner , in offic offic offices , in shops .
 or even in cars and washmachines there 're computers chips .
 what has computer affected our life ?
 first of all , the efficiency of the society has been improved .
 when shopping , we do n't need to wait the kasse to take every article 's note by hand .
 when booking a airline , we can just simply make a phone to agency , and get it done in one minute .
 secondly , instead of looking up tim of books to get the information what we need , we can very easily search it from the internet or on the local network .
 it 's a very often heard that someone , who has a special special illness , get operations by a foreign institute , which he find via the internet .
 moreover , with computer network , it can be possible that people work from home , making projects , controling or having conferences .
 lastly the way of communications has also changed .
 instead of the trutions telecommunication , we can talk , mail or even see each other with the computer network .
 of course there 're also some aspects in which the computers technology need to be improved .
 for example , reading on the stage is not as comfortable as on papers .
 a very important and the problem is the reliability and security .
 till now , to completely rely on computer is still somehow not safe enough .
 in conclusion , computer have become a very essential necessity of our life , and it 's still a young invention , which need to be improved .
 dear maria
 first of all , i am sorry about richard illness .
 please remember to him and give him my best wishes .
 about your request , i 'm going to give you all the information that i think you must need , however , you can call me if you think it necessary ( my money number is 0000 ) .
 your group has been booked into the pace hotel .
 because it is a well - hotel it should be easy to find it .
 moreover , it is really well - located so it will allow you to move around the city without any problem .
 even more conference is going to take place in the exhibition centre , which is located only five minutes walking far from the hotel .
 we haven't asked for any special clothes so i would wear casual and comfortable clothes , although you can come well - dressed , if you feel better .
 after the concerning we are going to have a informal information dinner with a previous snack time in order to introduced each others .
 finally in my opinion , you should visit the art gallery .
 it will take you two or three hours but it 's a gorgeous place .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 " sagrada familia " a real holly building .
 if you are looking for a special building in barcelona , which you can like whatever your tastes are , you should visit the " sagazzia familiara " .
 among the big number of choices , this unfinions have been chased a gorgeous view frop to itswers , a charming story and one of the most representative examples of the catalonalia modern art .
 gudi conceived this church now 0000 , though it was n't until 0000 they started to build it .
 since the beginning the work was interrupted in different periods and started again .
 after gudi death it was critical stop which was fortunately solved years later .
 nowadays , a hard work is being done in order to finish as soon as possible .
 the visitor can wonder around all the building or followed a guided visit .
 there is a exhibition room where maps and projects can be consulted .
 and , unless you suffer from your heart , you should climb the 000 steps which carry you to the top .
 there you can enjoy a terrific view , not only will only you see almost all the city but also you will discover another perspective of this magnificelf .
 dear mrs smith
 as you know i am in charge for organise the conference in my college . do not worry if rich did not left you all the information .
 i am pleased to help you .
 we looked in every hotel in town trying to give you the best offer .
 we found two good hotels but we decided for the palace hotel .
 this has the best price that we could find .
 the condence day our school driver is going to pick you up in the hotel and taking you to the conference .
 the party is going to be in a local discotheques near the college so the best way to get there is walking .
 you do not have to wear any special kind of clothes but in my opinion you can wear very cassual .
 finally , the last day i sugg you go to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around .
 yours sincerely ,
 introduction
 the aim of this report is to recommend you to visit the fuerteer de san die musical .
 this is an storical building .
 i asked some pleashed in town and this was the best place to choose .
 history
 the fuerteers de degie musicals was build at the time when the spanish people was trying to take all the lands from me , one of the most important people who were at front of the fuer wasteen wasten cousandle , the first spancy in spanish more lands than anyone at that time .
 place
 the musical is situated in front of the sea in the centre of accepting .
 it is situated in the top of a little mountain in the " old " part on the city .
 you are able to get there by car or walking and see everything which was made at that time .
 conclusion
 on the whole this is the best building in acceptco for his history and reputation .
 it is the best place to go and easy to get there .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 as the leader of the conference - organisation , i 'm glad if i can help you .
 my wish is that nothing goes wrong .
 so you have to know more details about our concerning .
 your hotel is called pace hotel and it is placed in the city centre .
 as far as i know this hotel is very comfortable .
 there is also a subway - station near pace hotel .
 our college is not much far away .
 you only have to take the subway train .
 after three stations you have arrived brookly street .
 when you come out of the subway you see our college .
 the conditioning starts at 0 o'clock and ends at 0 o'clock .
 the students have prepared a music program for the end of condence party .
 there will also be an international buff .
 so do n't eat too much before you come .
 and please do n't worry about clothes .
 there are not any rules .
 in our city there is a big adventure swimming park .
 i think you should visit water world on your last day .
 you will have a lot of fund , i can tell you .
 if you need any further information please call me .
 my number is : 000000
 yours faithfully ,
 the telephone is a very important invention which has affected our lives .
 it is a way for people to communicate although they are at two different places .
 people use the telephone every day and it is one of the most important things in daily life .
 in my opinion people need a telephone .
 for example a telephone is very important in job - life .
 nowadays there are no companies which do not have a telephone .
 also it is god for people 's safety .
 you can call the police if you are in danger or the ambulance if you are injured .
 the people use the telephone also for their personal life .
 for example when you want to talk to your family or to your friends who live far away .
 another aspect is that people have more time if they have a telephone .
 they are able to give and receive information very quickly .
 this invention has made our lives easier and quickly .
 the telephone has made my own life also easy and quick .
 it makes something possible you can not do .
 finally i would say that the telephone is very efficient for people .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to reply to your letter and to give answers to your questions .
 the group has been booked into the pace hotel , a five star hotel , which offers many facilities .
 it is famous for its friendly staff and comfortable rooms .
 the students can get there with the no 00 bus .
 they must get on bus from the city centre and get off after five stations at pace station .
 the hotel is opposite station .
 at the end - condence the college , in which the concerns will be held , gives a party for all the students .
 it will be offered light food , like sandwiches , pommes fritable , chips , sweets and different drinks - no alcoholour .
 there will be life music and the students can dance and enjoy themselves .
 it would be better to wear casual clothes , because they are more comfortable and are like by students .
 on the last day , the students can enjoy a sightseeing tour around the city , which can be arranged if the students want to .
 the group can also visit the zooo , the opera or stay and relax at college 's enormous garden and enjoy the set set set .
 do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information .
 i am looking forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 to : group leaders of american students
 from :
 subject : an interesting building to visit
 here is information about the cast in nyberg
 location : the cle is in the city centre nearby an enormous church .
 someone can get to the city centre with the no. no bus and then on foot to the castle .
 service : it is over 000 years old but it is kept in a good condition by the local people who are proud of this castle .
 activities : at this time of the year , you will visit nybergberg , on the castle are taken place many theatrical plays or concerts .
 view : from the castle you can have a wonderful view of all the town , especially at night when all the lights are on .
 it is a different experience .
 history : at the castle are always few guides , who will show someone around and tell him about the history of the castle ( when it was built , by whom and whom ) , which makes everyone enthand .
 recommendation
 i recommending visiting this castle , because it is interesting , marvellous and something different .
 it is the favourite place of all the tourists who visit nreberyberg .
 nymber is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different experience and a lesson too .
 by the way you can visit the
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing with reference to your last concerning the international student concerning the student concerning the college .
 i would get you the information you are requested .
 first of all , we have booked the pace hotel for your group .
 this hotel is quiet and near the conference building .
 however , i would suggest going by bus from the bus hotel to the conference because this is the most convenient of transport .
 furthermore , as usually , we would organise a party at the end of the conference , therefore , it would be great if your students wear a suit ( for man ) or a skirt ( for woman ) .
 furthermore , this party would be in your hotel like the following years .
 finally , there are a lot of mouse is our town , therefore , i would suggest going to the frogs museum which is really fashions .
 do n't hesitate to contact me if you need any further information .
 yours sincerely ,
 from :
 for : the grouper .
 subject : arborium the art museum .
 the aim of this report is intended to discribe the biggest building of our town .
 i am in a position to choose a good building which students like myself are interested in .
 a ) this museuments more than 000000 original art pictures .
 b ) the building has been buit in 0000 , therefore , it is a modern architecture .
 c ) this building is as high as the efel tour in paris .
 d ) this building is included : 00 toilets , 000 lights , and also 000 people can help you if you need any information .
 i would suggest this place because it is interesting to discover the else civilisation of the world in one of modernest building .
 mrs smith ,
 i received your letter this morning and i would like to thank you for your interest in the conference .
 i hope i can answer your questions .
 first , this international conclusence has the interestion of explain to students how important is the education .
 in addition to this , we choose the luxuxery pace hotel which is comfortable enough and in a good location .
 the pace hotel is located in the centre of the city , so you can go by train , by bus or by car .
 i suggest you should go by train and go out on the museum station .
 the conference will happen in the hotel , which is so much easier .
 the conference , not being modest , it is a quite organized .
 it will start at eight in the morning and will finish around five in the afternoon .
 i suggest you should wear something informal .
 even though we want to make things as more comfortable as possible to our students .
 i am very happy that you want to know my area , although i am afraid an afternoon is not enough .
 however , if you want , you can call me and i can show you some interesting places . i will be very glad .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 affecting our lives
 cars , boats , mobotionales , airplanes : who did never use this once ?
 this is a good question .
 the humans seem always that they are running and the fastestions of this inventions is certainly , the airplane .
 first , when sant dos dummon invented the airplane , he probably did n't think how people could transformation .
 in this world , where the night fight to be the best one could n't be different : the airplane became the most important thing in the war .
 unfortunately , it was used to kill a lot of people .
 however , the invention of the airplane has brought us some facilities .
 how could a person come from brazil to australia ?
 maybe by boat , but it could take too long !
 the best way is definitely , by air .
 after this invention travel around the world is so much easier .
 now , we have to say thanks and congratulate all the creators who invented faced things for us .
 so , the airplane is definitely an important invention , because it has changed people 's life in wars .
 until now , it is being important in the transport of thousands and thousands of people around the world .
 let 's congratulate sant dummont !
 dear mrs smith
 thank you for your lett .
 of course i will give you some more detail about the student conference .
 first of all the hotel rich brown has been locked in the palomethappy .
 its located closed to the main traination in our town .
 it is quite near the conducting .
 there will be extrabus to get there .
 the bus will pick you up right at your hotelery entrance .
 the end of the condence party will be a small dinner for all students .
 you do not have to wear special clothes , just wear what you always wear .
 if you take your uniform with you would be pleasant to leave it at the hotel . and wear something else .
 there are many things you could do for this short time on the last day .
 you could visit our famous museum of art or go for a walk along the lake .
 if you want something for fun or entertainment bowlling .
 if you have any further questions , just let me know
 yours sincerely
 our church is a very famous building at our country .
 it is eight eight meters long and its tower is fourty - five metres .
 on top of the tower it has a huge clock in eatch side .
 the tower is red and the church itself is white painted .
 in the church are many expensive draws .
 there is space for about five hundred people .
 the church was built in 0000 .
 it is rebuilding 0000 because of the secret war it had been demanded .
 the church is located on a place where you see the whole mountain chain of rigi .
 visit our church because it is one of the most famous church in our country .
 it has a interesting past .
 the tower is absolutely marvellous .
 you can walk to the top of the tower and it shows you have been a beautiful view .
 if you want to visit the church , there will be a special guide who shows you always things and answer your questions .
 entry will be free .
 dear mrs smith , hello maria .
 in this letter you will get all the information that you need .
 the hotel that group has been booked into the pace hotel ( in the victoria road ) .
 and you can take the bus in front of the hotel to go to the college .
 it is four bus stops .
 then walk straight for five minutes , you will see the college .
 after the party , we will go to an entertainment area to have fun and we will eat in mcdonalds .
 the rest you already knows .
 i suggest wear shirts and jeans .
 and the last three hours before you return , we can go to the " imax " cinema to watch a 0-d film !
 after we eat in the kc .
 then we all take you and the students to the airport .
 that 's all .
 i wait you .
 yours sincerely
 madrid is a big city and have many interesting places .
 but the best place for me is " laurred vaguada " .
 an entertainment and commercial building .
 in there , students can have fun in the recreas are , can watch a film and eat all kind of food and have shopping .
 we can have fun as well .
 and that 's why i recommend this place to you .
 the building itself is a large building .
 it is very safe as there are policemen and cameras .
 the buildings seems to be very new but it is quite old .
 people love this place and called it " madrid - two " .
 around it , there are many restaurants and shops as the building bringing a lot of people .
 inside , there are fast - food restaurants and shops as well .
 and it is easy to come .
 just take the bus 00 or the sub - way .
 in here , you can find everything that you want .
 hope you like it .
 00 june 0000 .
 dear maria smith ,
 i received your letter and i 'm happy to help you . we booked the pal hotel for your group . it 's nice and quiet .
 i 'm sure you 'll be fine here .
 we chose the pal hotel because it 's near our college , too .
 so you are going to come at the conduct in some minutes .
 when you go out of the hotel turn right and go stright on , at the first crossing roads turn right again .
 at the end of this street you can see our college on your left , it 's a green building .
 at the end of conference party it 'll be something eat and to drink .
 in the big room where we 'll have the party , it 'll be some picts of our college , you 'll see the generations who passed here .
 the wears are n't very important , but it 'll be fine if people will wear something different from usual jeans .
 here we have a lot of beautiful things to do , but the best you can do in three hours is visiting the painting museum .
 we all are looking forward to seeing your group .
 yours sincerely ,
 television
 what would our world be without television ?
 it is n't easy giving an answer at this question .
 television is an important invention , it permitted us to better our way of communication .
 this animate box can give us a lot of information coming from all around the world .
 television has affected the " all days life , , too . we can spend a lot of time enjoying ourselves with some programs , what we have to do is watching .
 and we like that , because it 's easier nothing doing than engaging ourselves in something that make us do something .
 so television can be a positive or a negative invention , it depends on which we want to do this box .
 now we should be able to answer at the introding question .
 no , i do n't think so .
 television has become so important for us that we ca n't thinking that it could n't exist .
 dear mrs smith
 i am writing to answer your letter about the details of the international students conference .
 pace hotel has been booked and you should first walk from the town to the town town hall railway station , which is the city route , is yellow on the line .
 after getting on the train , you should get off at the mountain station which is twenty minutes , is in front of the convenient .
 the conference which will be held from 0 pm through 0 pm , is a formal party .
 you should wear formal clothes , and are going to play a game and enjoy welcome drink together .
 before catching our plane , we will be able to enjoy going shopping around the airport for three hours in the afternoon .
 because there are so many unique shops and you should buy goods for your parents .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mr wolf
 i am writing to answer your question about the information in an interesting building to visit .
 i would like to introduce one building in my town .
 " sky heaven " which is the name of the building , is for fifteen minutes from the centre of my town .
 this building a hundred floor and it takes for five minutes from the grandp to the elevision elevor .
 there are many facilities which are a museum , a exhibition and many shops where we might also enjoy going shopping .
 the reason for my recommendation is that sky heaven is the highest building in the world .
 you should get the top of the building and experience such a amazing view .
 another reason is that there is a good museum , which tell you about the history of my town so easily and clearly .
 it is a good experience for your students .
 i hope you will accept my recommendation and am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am glad to help you for the organisation of the international student conference .
 the group has been booked into the pace hotel , and the best way to get from there to the conference is by tube , the building of the conference is then five minutes by fothothothoth .
 at the end - conference there is a party , where we can eat something , dance and speak to each other conference .
 for the party i suggest you wear classical clothes ; maybe something black and not red or red pink . i am going to black class trousers and a white jorse - it can be information you give some idea too .
 on the last day we are going to have about three hours free time .
 what do you think if we will go to visit the museum ?
 of if we will go to hear a classical concert near the concert building 's ?
 i hope that i have been able to give you some help .
 and i am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear morgan ,
 i am writing a report which will describe you the most important building of my town .
 the most important building of basciasco is the , casa cavalier pandellanda " .
 it is an old big house of a rich lord in the middle of the town .
 on this house there is a big museum , where you could know the basco .
 under the museum there is a big dark place , where the wine is produced .
 your students could learn how the , how meramous tasicines " is produced and why is so famous in tiano .
 i think that these suggestions could interest your student then basco , with its , , casier costumeral panda " , is the middle points of two tv - lev - level and blio - and the middle points of similar but also different cultures too .
 i hope that these information will bring you to visit basco and itself , house " .
 yours faithfully ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i am sorry to hear that richard brown is n't well and hope he 'll get better soon . i am more than happy to give you the nessial information .
 your group has been booked into pace hotel which is only 0 miles away from our college .
 the college will arrange a mini - bus come and pick you up every morning at 0:00 , so you can arrive to college around 0 o'clock and have some time before the conducts at 0:00 .
 the reason we do n't suggest you take a walk from your hotel is that you 'd have to walk through a large building site which is not going to be suitable for a group of 00 students .
 as you already know we are going to have the end - conference party where the head of the college will give a small speech at the beginning , then it will buffet and a discos .
 you do n't need to dress uply but please , make sure that your students do n't wear short or trainers .
 regarding to what you could do in your free afternoon on the day you leave i would suggest you to take the students to our history museim .
 it 's not very big but it has got some amazing information about the history of our town and their people .
 there is also a gift shop in there , where your boys and girls can buy some soviers for their families and friends .
 i hope i 've answered all your questions but if you need anymore information , please let me know .
 i am looking forward to seeing you all soon .
 best regards ,
 to my personal opinion one of the most important and useful thing which has been invented in a car .
 cars take a big part in our life .
 everywhere you look you can see cars .
 more and more people learn how to drive and choose to travel by car , because it saves a lot of time computer to travelling by public transport .
 cars are also more reliable than other types of transport .
 you do n't have to wait on a bus stop on a cold and windy weather for a late bus , or being bus or stuck on a train for an hour due to some railra repairs , you can just come a car , tune your radio on your favourite job and have a planation have a drive to drive your distanation .
 cars are even more important for emergency situations such as fire in a house or if somebody is critically ill .
 could you imagine if our police , doctors or fire - fighters had to get somewhere quickly on foot ?
 i do n't think i need to come on this .
 from my personal experience i realised how it 's important to drive a car when i was living in johan joburg in south africa .
 i arrived there with my family when my daughter was only 0 months old and i could n't drive at that time .
 johanesurb is a very dangerous place to live .
 i could n't just go for a walk it was too dangerous .
 there was no public transport and i had to stay in the complexim where we lived most of the time , and relay on other people to take me to a shop or the doctors or anywhere else .
 there i soon realised that i had to learn how to drive if i wanted a quality life for my daughter and myself .
 since i passed my driving test i can not understand how i used to live without a car before .
 i use my car every day everywhere i go and i absolutely love it !
 00th june 0000
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to inform you some information about the international student conference .
 first of all , the hotel which the group has been booked into is the princes hotel .
 it is very near york , railway station which you can get there easily .
 by rail : get off at york and you can walk from the station turn to left and the hotel is on your left hand sandlet .
 by bus : most of the buses in york centre pass the station , or you can take a taxi .
 secondly , the conduct is very important event for all of us , we agree to wear formal dresses .
 for example , men should wear suits , ties and so on .
 in addition , at the end of connt - concerning party , we also have a country drying show .
 it could be very special because all the dancers are from our group .
 finally , on the last day we have an afternoon free .
 it would be grateful if we could go for a walk around the city of york and visit the historic buildings .
 if you could think of any other ideas it would be very kind of you . i would be grateful if my idea and all the information could help you .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 inventions have affected all our lives !
 nowadays , a lot of things are invented and make our lives are more convenient than those days .
 a car is one of the invention which is very useful .
 i think a car is very important to me because it 's very convenient for everyday life .
 for example , i can travel to many places in the u.k. especially , i live in whitwell - on - the hill ( a village near malton in your work ) .
 can you imagine if i had n't got a car how could i go shopping , go to college and so on ?
 in fact , there are buses ( 000 and 000 ) which go pass my village but the bus fares is very expensive for me .
 apart from that it takes a long time to go somewhere .
 the car has largely affected my own life .
 i can go anywhere by car a lot quicker than use public transports .
 i can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to thai music which i brought some cassets with me from thailand .
 i took a cariving the driving the test last octber and i passed it and i will take a price driving test very soon .
 i think i have to drive the car myself , so that it will know more about the advantages of using the car .
 in conclusion , i think car is very important to me and it has affected my own life .
 if i have more money i will buy another car . i think it has more advantages than disadvantages .
 so , we should say many thanks to the person who invented a car !
 dear mrs smith
 it was such a pleasure to receive your letter , and we will be extremely glad to see you at the conference , we have been organising .
 let me give you some further information concerning the event .
 firstly , i would like to inform you about the hotel we have already booked for you .
 it called pace hotel , and we hope that is going to satisfy your expections .
 the conference is not too far from your hotel .
 i strongly recommend you to use the public transport in order to get there , cause you may be find other types of transportation quite expensive .
 moreover , you must be aware of the fact that the conduct is going to last two hours , untill 00:00 pm .
 after that our college has organised a barbe could night , with traditional local music that you must not miss .
 you do n't need to wear formal clothes .
 just every day clothes .
 finally , i am aware of the fact that the last day you have some hours free before you catch your plane .
 do n't miss the chance to visit our famous tour attractions .
 there is also huge shop centre , where you can buy some souvenirs or taste some of our traditional food .
 i hope that you will find my information helpful
 i am looking forward to seeing you
 yours sincerely
 the hystorical museum
 welcome to athens ! !
 without any doubt , a hystysty , which provides it 's visitors with the opportunity to discover different aspects of the greekory during the passing centuries .
 do n't miss the chance to visit the hysty musical museum , located in the heart of the capital city city .
 a traditional building which was built at the beginning of the century .
 the hystorical museum is simply a symbol , a proof of what greek have always considered as principal : their freedom .
 there are five different floors , each of them presents a different christt changing period of greek history , starting from the period before the birth of juisis and concluding to the revolution of 0000 .
 the museum scheduce the visitors with the opportunity to see original price of writing , famous paintings having as adjects the revolution of 0000 , and aspects of the gree religions that has always been to be vital part of the part gree group .
 there is a small amount of money that visitors should pay for entry .
 inside the museum there is bookshop having a large variety of horstorical books , maps etc .
 if you really want to discover what greek history means , we strongly recommend you to visit the hysty musical ! ! !
 dear maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter and i will try to help you .
 i will remind you that the international student conference will be the next month on the first of july .
 the hotel that we booked was the pace hotel which is near the busation .
 when you are in the bus station you will catch the bus number which will go to the town centre .
 from there you will walk until the college because it is easier to get there than to get with another bus .
 anyway the college is the first road on your right from town centre .
 after the condence some drink and food will be available in the sport - center which is well equipped for discos - party .
 our party has a special subject ' wind ' .
 so we suggest wearing clothes .
 on your last day you could go to sport - musical show which is grateful and famous around the world or only go for a walk around reconvillier - park .
 i hope that i had answer all of your question and that the concern will be grateful .
 yours sincerely .
 from :
 to : the grouper
 subject : old roman school .
 introduction : i am writing to explain to you about the location , the architecture and the story of the old - old roman from school from courtary . i hope that you will get there with your group because it has a lot of beautiful thing to see .
 it is the unique old roman school in the world .
 location : courtary is situated in switzerland and the school is on the top of the town 's hill .
 this place is very important because it is that an emperior had growing up .
 architecture : it is a typical from this eque with beautiful draw on the wall and first kind of writing in the sports centre .
 the door is enormous because for them the entry was the most important .
 history : all began when ousg miciusius said that roman need to go at school .
 they decided to build more school specially in switzerland because the people were considerated clever .
 during the second world war all school were demand our only is left .
 conclusion : i gave you a lot of reason to get in this building and i hope you will enjoy your trip in my town .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i am writing to answer our question .
 firstly , i already have booked palace hotel for the students .
 there is the hotel near my college .
 it takes five minutes to get my college by walking .
 i will copy the map around the college .
 secondly , i will tell you about the end of conference party .
 it will start at six o'clock .
 the party will be held in the dinning room .
 people who will attend the party are many professions , semience professions and faculties .
 so i suggest that the students should wear formal clothes .
 finally , i will give you some ideas for an afternoon free time .
 the city in which there is my college is traditional in my country .
 for example , there are many shrines , temples , and castles .
 i suggest that you should visit these places .
 you will have a good time .
 in addition , there are many other colleagues .
 you will be able to see many japanese students .
 i am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
 if you would like to gain more information , you will ask me every time .
 yours sincerely .
 i suggest that you should visit one building .
 my town is the capital of japan .
 so there are many higher buildings .
 i think it is like new york .
 however , i have only building which i want you to visit .
 the name of the building is sunshine 00 ' .
 this is the highest building in toky . i recommend to visit .
 i have three reasons for my recommendation .
 firstly , there is the acquerium in the building .
 in addition , this is the 00th floor . i went there first time i could n't believe it .
 secondly , if you visit there , you will see everywhere in tokyo .
 the scene of toky is not beautiful , but you think that this city is a developing place .
 on the other hand you may think what a small city is it !
 finally , there are many shops inside the building . you will have a good time for shopping .
 i hope when you visit , you will be favourite place .
 you should visit there .
 00.00.0000
 dear mrs smith , thank you for your letter of asking for my help to the conference .
 i would like to help you with my best .
 firstly , palotel has been booked into for the group accommodation and i spoke with the hot manager for travelling to the conference .
 the hotel has their own buses , they will pick us from hotel to the concerning son .
 secondly , i would like to tell more about the end - of conduct party . i booked ped halyself 's restaurant for our party and it is big enough for your students .
 it is going to be very lovely and enjoyable because i have lots of surprises for students .
 in addition , i suggest that they should wear sport and comfortable clothes .
 finally , you would like to know some activities for three hours free time .
 i think you can go to the dream ' .
 in this place there is video games , some little competitions and small zo available .
 students can enjoy their time in this place and it is on the way of the airport .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 to : american students grouper
 from :..
 re : information on an interesting building to visit
 introduction
 here is my report for american students who want information on an interesting building to visit in anarka .
 i would like to describe ' anitaborkir '
 findings
 0 . this building is name 's name ' angest buitab and it is the biggest building in anarka .
 it built in 0000 .
 it is placed in the middle of the forest .
 there is different kind of bird and different kind of trees present .
 0 .
 it has very big museum inside the building and all building made from stone .
 0 . this building security guards are very special soldiers .
 their aim is to protect the building from the enemies because there is also very big army museum available .
 0 .
 it has no charge for entrance and it has a good view for tourists seeing an anska from the hill .
 it opens at 0.00 am to 0.00 pm
 recommendations
 i recommend that it is the best building in an angry to visit because it includes all the history and very good seeing .
 dear mrs. smith ,
 i am writing in reply to your letter about the internation student conference .
 the hotel which we have reserved for your group is the pace hotel .
 it is not far from our college , taking 00 minutes by car .
 it would be a good idea to take a taxi from the hotel to the college because the total members of your group are 0 and taxires would not be expensive .
 there is a taxi rank opposite the hotel .
 regarding the end - conday party on thursday , it starts at 0 p.m. in the garden of college .
 you can wear either casual dresses or fancy on because we have a fancy - dress competition and the raff is a bottle of felch chign .
 on friday afternoon , it has set to be a free time .
 therefore , you can go shopping in the town centre which is near college .
 many beautiful and traditional souvenirs can be found there .
 the other suggestion is going to the flower market is very famous for tourists because it covers 0 acres and there are plenty of flowers to buy .
 moreover , it is the biggest flower market in this area .
 i look forward to meeting you soon and hope you have a safe journey .
 yours sincerely ,
 invented light
 there are many sources of light in this world such as sunlight , moonlight , candle light .
 some of them are natural whereas the others are not .
 owing to increasing demand of light for more activities , the natural something is note adquate .
 there , electric light has invented .
 nowadays , the electric light has been becoming part of our lives , especially during the night .
 whatever we do at night , we need the electric light .
 have you ever imaged how this world would be there if there was no electric light ?
 it must have been a big impact on industry , agriculture and our lifestyle .
 think about when the electricity in your house got a short circitu .
 do you feel uncomfortable ?
 could you do anything much without light ?
 in addition , the electric light is the man manager of other electric equipment and they have become an important part of our life , too .
 i think we should be grateful that we have got the electric light for comforting our lifestyle .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i was very pleased to receive your letter .
 it is my pleasure to help you organising the international student conference .
 firstly , for your information , the group has been booked into the paceal hotel , which is located on the town centre .
 students can take the airport bus to the hotelly directly when you arrive .
 and the best way to get from the concerning the conference is to coach , as there are about 00 students , they are all strangers here .
 therefore it is no good taking a bus .
 i will help you to book the coach .
 secondly , the end of condences party will be held at college hall , at 0:00 pm to 00:00 pm on 00th june .
 there will be various kinds of food and drinks provided .
 moreover , students can dance and enjoy different sorts of music , for instance , rock , jazz , pop , garage and so on .
 furthermore , i suggest you and the students wearing pub - wears to it , as it is suitable for dancing .
 finally , on the last day , i suggest you could go to the market at town during the 0-hour gap .
 it is a nice place to buy the british style gifts to your family and friends .
 you could also enjoy the tea at the café nearby .
 i would be grateful to give any help if you need .
 i am looking forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 from : genevieve chui
 to : group leaders of american students
 subject : interesting building to visit in hong kong
 visiting poin temple
 the purpose of this is to give information to the students , describing poin temple is worthwhile .
 0 .
 brief history of poin temple :
 it was found in 0000 .
 it is a traditional type of chinese temple .
 because of the 0nd world war , it was re - built in 0000 .
 a big buhing was built in 0000 just next to the temple , which is the largest outdoor buha in the world .
 0 . location :
 the location of the linch is in lots island , which is the second biggest island in hong kong .
 0 .
 opening and closing time :
 poin lin temple is opened to public from 0:00 am to 0:00 pm on monday to friday , and 0:00 am to 0:00 pm on saturday and sunday .
 0 . transports
 you could take the mr ( halk underground ) straight to lot island or take the frier to get there .
 then you need to take the bus , a bus , or a cause to poin temple .
 it is quite convenient .
 all the buses and mrtrol - condition .
 0 .
 attractive points :
 you could go sightseeing around the temple and take photos .
 of course , you may get more knowledge about hong kong , as the temple have been here for nearly 000 years .
 the well known big buhouse you must n't miss it , or you will be sorry .
 the tem also provide free chinese traditional style meals for visitors .
 0 .
 conclusion :
 to sum up , i think lin temple is a nice place to visit , especially for american students .
 easy to get there and free amtion .
 on the other hand , hong kong is known as a highlyical city city , but you could find something different in poinem temple .
 dear mrs smith ,
 first of all i 'm sorry to hear that richard brown is ill .
 as you are the lead of a group instead of him , i 'm delighted to give all the information you have asked for .
 the pace hotel has been booked for the group , and there from the concerningence , we have organized with the hotel busice to take the student to the conference .
 we will meet at the lobby at 0.00 am .
 the condence party will last at 0.00 am , but every body do not need to stay until the end .
 there will be a bus taking students who do not need to stay at the party until the end .
 the bus will be service at 0.00 pm and 00.00 pm then at the end of the party will be the last one .
 everybody are free to dress for the party but be considering to be appropriate .
 on the last day at noon , you could go to the craze centre near the airport .
 there are lots of things there you will enjoy watching or buying for friends .
 if there is any information you need to know about the conference , please let me know .
 i look forward to seeing you at the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 telephone saved my friendship
 it 's very hard to decide which invention is the best .
 because of all are so important in difference ways .
 as now i 'm being away from home , telephone is very important to me .
 having telephone i can call my mother , my friends which helping me from home sick , not completely but i think it 's better than ways .
 to hear the voice from the person you love is the feeling that hard to describe it 's wonderful and so real , you can imagine their face clearly .
 i had a problem with my best friend once when we keep in tuch e - mail .
 the problem is the language . we used english but we both were not very good at it by the time which made us misunderstand each other .
 however , the problem solved by a telephone .
 we are now still friend .
 thanks to the invention of the telephone .
 dear mrs smith
 with reference to the information that you have requested , the hotel that had been booked is the holiday in inn , in new and to get to university to the university of walesful third far from the hotel , you only need to take a diverwise clearly carry where clearly carried and on that you are in the main road you need to do the follow try which you have director place to direct place to direct place to direct place the direct place the direct .
 concerning the party at the end of the concerning concerning this will be formal there forever you will need formal clouding as you know there will be directors , managers etc .
 as for the last day i would suggest you to take a visit to the local museum and the ruin 's castle .
 in the fist you will find a very interesting colleages of roman viges , also you can visit another section which it wasteen to be a romant cirit .
 yours sincerely ,
 i always had consider myself been very looking forward to be born in the century because all the amazing human inventions .
 as an example let 's have a look and we will see of this none it has developed .
 we just need to think about the first world wold and all the inventions thanks to the industrial revolution to these day .
 however , i feel that at the moment there should emergile more grupils to control this development because the industrial pollution that it has been created and it seems that its very little which has been done at the moment in relations tour embience .
 i hope in the future there will be more and more people interested in this important issue .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i read your letters and i 'm ready to help you .
 i think that we have to think which hotel is better for the students .
 i have an idea and i think that you will agree with me .
 i was thinking about the pal hotel because it 's very nice and cheap .
 it has comfortable bedrooms and place for parties .
 you can book this hotel it 's the best and it 's near to conference it 's only 00 minutes by walk .
 i think that it will be nice about the end of conducting party if you will invite somebody and to sing give the student the time to enjoy theirselves and to dance .
 the party it will be nice .
 the clothes now that they will wear it has to be smart , how you are going to caso for example , but nice casual , not with sports shoes or t - shirts .
 on the last day in the afternoon that you have three ours free you can go to coffee or to visit some places .
 those are my ideas for the conference .
 i hope that you will like it .
 yours sincerely ,
 today our article it will be about an inventions that we need in life .
 i think that all these things we need in our life because it can give us a lot of things .
 first of all we need the telephone in our house because it 's important to make call if you need something of it if something happens to your house and nobody is next to you .
 the second one is the lamp , the electricity that is very important in our life .
 in the past people did n't have electricity and if they wanted for example to read or to cook something they used to do in the fire .
 it 's important to have electricity because without this you ca n't do anything .
 the other one is the television .
 you must have tv because you can little what happened in the world and you can watch some places that you did n't go .
 you can enjoy you time to watch a film if you have free time .
 the boat it 's not so important but you can use it for fishing and to see some places .
 the car now is very important in our life you can go wherever you want .
 in this year the familys they have 0 cars in one family one family by one person .
 for me the most important thing is the telephone because without this you ca n't do anything , it 's part of my life .
 dear maria smith ,
 first of all , the group has been booked into the palace hotel .
 it is a big hotel because there will be a lot of people .
 it has a swimming pool and a nice bar .
 the hotel is ten minutes far from the conference and there will be a bus available to go directly over there .
 at the end of the conference , there will be a dinner in a luxurious restaurant so people must have nice clothes ; jane is not allowed .
 next to the restaurant , there is a disco for people who like dancing .
 we can do a lot of things in my area .
 we have the possibility to visit the old town , it 's very nice and there is a lot of shops .
 we can visit the old cleast or the painting museum too .
 i find television the most important invention .
 i think it 's good for old people because some of them can not go to the cinema anymore .
 on the one hand it 's because they have not enough money to pay it and in the other hand it 's because they ca n't move very well for example , if they are disabled .
 with television , old people are less alone because most of the old woman have not her husband anymore .
 television is a good way to be informed with the news .
 i prefer stayed by television than by newspapers , it 's more relaxing .
 i think television is a good invention for children when they have free time and while they are watching television , we do n't have to look them after them if we have something important to do .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i 'm very glad to be able to help you out with such sutiation .
 first of all , the group has been booked into the palace hotel ' .
 you wo n't have any problem to find the college because it 's in front of the hotel , and the conference will be there .
 as you know , the conduct will start at 00:00 and it will finish at 00:00 , but we will have lunch alther at 00:00 in the college 's hall until 00:00 .
 you 'll have to wear a white shirt and blue trousers , if you want you will be able to wear a blue jacket .
 when we had finished you 'll be able to enjoy yourself in our cinema or television room , but if you prefer other things , we 've got a swimming pool and a library , it will your own choice .
 i hope it was useful for you .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear group leader ,
 in order of your request , i 'm going to give you some information about which is the best place to visit in this town , fugience .
 fuengia has a wonderful and beautiful castle which is right on the sea front .
 it is placed on the top of a little hill which is part of the beach .
 you ca n't lose the chance to see this castle because it is an excellent view and always there are a lot of people there and there are little shops where you can buy souvenirs .
 at the same time you are enjoying the castle you can take a break to go to the beach and you can look at the castlear from the sea , it is also amazing .
 also , there is a museum of history inside .
 as you see , you have to visit the castle , you wo n't feel regret about that .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to answer your letter where you asked for information about the concerning and other points relations with .
 the hotel where your group has been booked is the paceal hotel .
 it is a very nice hotel in the centre of the city , and that is very near of the college which the conduct is into , five minutes wutes wutes .
 going walking is quicker than waiting for a taxi or a bus .
 when you arrived to the colleagues there will be people indicated the way to the concerning room .
 at the end of the condence we are doing a party with some cold good and some drinks .
 there will be music as well for dancing .
 the director of the college has suggested to wear smart clothes for that occasion and i give you the same advice .
 about the afternoon before leaving i have some suggestions .
 in the area of the hotel there are two interesting places to visit .
 one is the picassoever museum and the other is an important gallery where you can enjoy seeing different kinds of paintings .
 i hope my information can help you and it has been useful for you .
 i am looking forwards to see you at the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 there is an invention that i think that has been very important : the computer .
 the computer is very useful and it has affect our own lives , in different meanings .
 the computer has done easy a lot of works .
 for works that you needed , for example three hours you can do them in ten minutes ; the same !
 but computers do n't have affected only in a good way because thank you to computers the places of work for the person is minor .
 but , definitely they have been a very important invention .
 the last relations with computers is the internet .
 by the internet you can communicate with people of different places of the world at the same moment .
 and you can take lots of information about a lot of things .
 everything that you need you can find it on the internet .
 nowadays very development and it is increasing .
 what will be the next ?
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i have received your letter and i am glad i can help you .
 you have been booked to stay in the pal hotel which is a very pleasant hotel far not away from here .
 the best way to get here is ; once you have gone out of the hotel , turn right , then follow the signs to the hospital , because it is just by college .
 when you are in college asked for me .
 the condence will take one hour , and , at 0 o'clock the party will start it is a formal party and you should wear formal stuff .
 the dress code is : no jeans .
 we will prove you with food and drinks .
 for your free hours i have quite a few ideas .
 there are lots of things to do here .
 we have got a museum which is just at two minutes from your hotel .
 you can also go to nearby park and eat something in the café .
 if you go to the main street you will find a street full of shops and i am sure the students would like that .
 i hope this information will be helpful .
 if you have any other questions , please , do contact me .
 looking forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 the mobile phone
 the mobile phone has completely changed our lives , it is an instrument which i can not imagine myself living without .
 apart from being - fashion it is also a very helpful machine .
 do you remember that day when you got stuck in the middle of the road with your car which would n't work ?
 what would you have done that in that moment without a mobile phone ?
 you were at home in less than ten minutes just because you had a mobile phone with you , amazing , is n't it ?
 nowadays , everyone has a mobile phone .
 i am fifteen years old and everybody in my year has got a mobile phone .
 five years ago you would n't have even thought about it .
 it has been a plus for me .
 for example , now my parents allow me to go to more places just because i have my mobile with me , and , sending text mages is an addiction which every teenager is obsessed with .
 all over , the invention of this little device is a big plus for everyone .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to inform you that i have received a letter from you to help you to organise an international student conference in my college .
 your group has been booked into the pace hotel which is not very far from my college .
 however , due to the congestions and delay near the hotel , the best way to get from there to the conduct is by underground , victoria street .
 you would arrive at the other station opposite my college in approximately 00 minutes .
 at the end of - conference party , you may either leave the party or stay in the college for more activities .
 all different types of clothing could be worn however janean wears and t - shirts would be common on that day .
 instead staying in the hotel for the last three hours , i suggest that you could perhaps visit our town centre .
 the popular attractions in our town , including the art gallery , museum , aquarium , market squire , could be found near our monument of our town , the salisy bridge .
 i am looking forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 the little woods shopping mall
 location
 the little woods shopping mall is an idea place for you and your group to visit .
 it is located very closing to the town centre next to the town museum .
 it can be accessed by the neary train station .
 facilities
 for those students who are very interested in shopping , clothes shops , jewellery , station , books shops , fashion and beauty departments and more many are available .
 for those who want something more exciting and advantus , you are recommended to visit the fair and amusement on the floor of the building .
 other facilities such as cinemas , theatres , large department store could also be found .
 there is a little souvenir shop for tourists and a special discount for tourists from ability to enter the car park .
 conclusion
 not only the only tourist information centre would provide the information you might need , you could also visit the ict , which allows you access to access on anything you want to know from the computers .
 a special trip could also be organized .
 dear marie ,
 i am writing in connection with your letter bout the international student conference .
 i appreciate it if i can offer you my help .
 i would like to give you necessary details which can help you to organise the concerning conference .
 richard brown booked the pace hotel for the students , which is a very comfortable and close to our college .
 you need only 0 minutes by walking to catch the college .
 after the concerning planning to organise a big party with barbecue .
 the party will take place on forest close to camp place .
 i hope we will have a nice weather .
 therefore , i suggest wearing some casual clothes .
 on the last day an afternoon if you have some free time i would recommend you to visit a very famous examous leard devo devinience .
 the exposition will take place on " gribute museum " , which you can find on the crar crar street n't .
 you will never regred about my suggestion .
 if you need more information let me know .
 best regards ,
 report on the building at the berkeley squir .
 in order to prepare this report i visited the business college and interviewed some students . i asked them only one question " which building you find more beautiful and more interesting in our city city city ? "
 the students who were questioned said that there are a lot of interesting buildings in our city .
 however , the majority of people point out a very old building , which you can find at barkeley squiries .
 most of the students found this building very particular , because it reflects our history , tradition and culture .
 if you visit the building , you will get impression , feeling , that you are in past times .
 this building attracts a lot of people , because it has a very particular style with the majestic , antique windows .
 in addition , i also visited this place - and i was very impressed .
 finally i would recommend you visited barkely squir area .
 in this area you could also find another different buildings which would you attract .
 report on the group leader
 from
 00.00.00.00.00
 dear maria ,
 i 've received your letter asking me for further information about the conference that you going to organise very soon , here you have a little help for it .
 first , i 'd like to tell you that the hotel where you going to stay is " the pace hotel " , which is situated at the centre of the town .
 it ca n't be difficult to find , because it is very near the concerning .
 also there is a bus provided for the organisation to take all the students at the hotel .
 at the end of the conference it will be a party .
 i might suggest you wear a casual dress , because many students feels a relaxing after the whole day sitting and listening all the conference .
 the party is amazed by a group of musicians , and as i remembered from last year it was unformanvenienced , because all the people were dancing and having a lot of fun .
 it is a well - situated town with a lot of museums to visit , especially " the history museum " , which i visited last year and i think you can enjoy as well as well .
 it does n't take a lot of time to visit and the entrance is free .
 whising i 've been very helpful to you .
 yours sincerely ,
 telephone change our lives
 it 's impossible nowadays to think a life without that invention how quickly affects our life especially in business .
 we ca n't imagine a big company without a phone that can make business more quickly than anything else .
 also , i was asking too many people in the street .
 could you live without telephone ?
 the answer was all the same " impos " impos " .
 an old woman told me how important was the phoned when her only son was abroad studing computers in the " chicago university " , she told me that every night was expecting a call from her son , for her was the line of the happiness .
 however it was one person who he told me . it was n't happy at all with the phone , because he used to write a lot , especially at christmas to wish all his friends a very nice christmas but nobody 's phone him losing a very old very old fashion .
 in my opinion this little " box " that everybody has at home can safe your life , especially if you need to ring a doctor in an emergency situation .
 in conclusion do n't make a very long phone calls and you wo n't have to pay a very expensive bill .
 dear mrs maria smith
 thank you for your letter .
 it 's a shame that i wo n't see rich because of his illness , but i 'm helping to help you as much as i can .
 then i will give you some information which you asked for in your letter .
 firstly , about your accommodation , our college which i belong to belong to offers visit free accommodation with full of facilities .
 ( for example bath , car park , free internet access , etc . )
 they also are located in our camp so you can get to the concerning walk .
 secondly , as you know we 'll have a party after the concerningence , which will be taken place at our student council hall with meals .
 this party is unlikely to be that formal , but i recommend you not wear jeans and trainers .
 finally , if you have free time for couple of ours , you 'd better visit kakamura city , which is 00 minutes from our camp train .
 that is very traditional japanese city where so many temple and heritages are there .
 i 'm sure you 'll enjoy it and maybe get familiar with our culture .
 by the way , if you have any other questions , please send me a letter again .
 oh baby , i ca n't live without you !
 these days , we 've been sorrounded with so any different kinds of products which our anger invented .
 in our daily life , however , we seldometimes notice how much convenient life we 've got , what is more , how much inconvenient our grandparents have got .
 how nasty we are !
 let us try to appreciate thier importance again .
 as for me , the invention which is most important to me is a personal computer . i have been a full student in the university at home , and their classes all requires to have personal computer and use them at any times .
 when you take the class on the computer programming , you will definitely need one and it holds true for the class on politics , because you have to study static on your computer for doing social research and someysysys .
 my professor said ' go and get familiarier with your computer , otherwise you 'll fail ' .
 i find it amazingly easy to forget the importance of inventions which we use without any question .
 that 's the nature of human being .
 but , i think it 's not only our fault but the evidence of how they integrate in our life .
 dear mrs smith
 i received your letter asking some information about conference
 i am glad to provide all information
 the group has been booked the place hotel which is near the traination station .
 it is really easy to reach the convenient from the hotel .
 the bus running front of the hotel .
 if you catch the rede that will drop you front of the conference building .
 in the conference you should wear formal dress but you are free to choose its colour or style .
 at the end of the conference there will be reseptioned at the hotel .
 we have arranged some tours in the city .
 you will be visit some interesting places and towers .
 i look forward to seeing you .
 yours faithfully .
 computer magic .
 can you imagine the life before the computer .
 lots of books , papers , many things on the tabels .
 computer is really claver machine .
 he store all information , never say enough and it never forget any information , whenever we want them from him he dosn't refuse .
 he saves time for humping people do n't need to spend a lot time to record everything , it makes space in offices .
 many boss or in the factories not being neededed to employ many workers because we do n't need them a lot .
 this saves a lot of money for companies .
 computer has been helping to improve health because in this century we can use it in medical operation doctors can manage the extreestemoration easy and confantly .
 in general computers has brought human life two century a century . it makes life easier for us .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing in reply to your letter , which i received yesterday .
 below is a piece of information you will need for the next international student conference at bournem college and some recommendations , which might be useful for the students .
 first of all , the hotel booked for the group is the paceal costel , which is very impressive in terms of comfort and facilities .
 this is a very central hotel not located far away from the condence hall .
 you will be able to get there either by bus ( no 000 ) or on foot .
 next you are welcome to attend the party organized at the end of the concernence .
 it will begin at eleven p.m. and may last the whole night .
 people are going to be disguised there and it would be a good idea to wear extravagant multiult - coloured clothes .
 finally i think that you should jump at opportunity to go to the historical pergam 's museum before leaving .
 some of the most amazing masterpy are exposed there .
 i wish you in advance a wonderful trip and look forward to meeting you in bournemth .
 yours sincerely
 to : ( grouper )
 from :
 subject : bernnem youth the national museum
 as requested i visited the bournem youth national museum , which is , to my mind , one of the most interesting buildings in the area .
 below is a summary of the most important relevant points and some recommendations you may need .
 0 . architecture
 the architecture of the building in itself is really breathtaking in terms of luxury and ornamentation choice .
 even if the architect style may seem a bit ' heavy , this building is really a masterpiece with no similarison all over the world .
 0 . exposition
 although i have to admit that it is very tiring to visit the whole museum in one day . it is such a reward and enriching time that people never tired of looking at the paintings and sculptions of each museum .
 0 . restaurant
 the adjoying restaurant is very enjoyable as well .
 the waiters are friendly and always ready to give advice .
 in fact it is just what visitors need after their trip through the museum .
 to sum up , i would say that this museum is more interesting than the other museums , because you can enjoy not only wonderful masterces but also a very uncommitecture archure and a quiet restaurant to have a restaurant if you need to .
 dear mrs. smith ,
 in reply to your letter , i would like to answer your questions and give you more information .
 firstly , the hotel in which group is going to stay is pace hotel ' .
 secondly , the easiest way to travel from the hotel to the conference is by a local bus .
 there is a bus stop in front of the hotel and no.00 or 0 will take you directly to the conference .
 thirdly , the end of convenient party would be a small disco , with a variety of drinks and food provided .
 therefore , you could wear something quite casual .
 lastly , on the last day , i would suggest you visit the edinburgh castle and the national scottish museum , as both of them are very interesting and have the student discount .
 i hope this letter should help you with enough information .
 yours sincerely ,
 could modern people live without a light bulb ?
 well , i do n't think so .
 only people who could live without it , must be extremely weird or somebody in a very difficult situation !
 we are nearly always surrounded by the man ' done light .
 with it , we read , study , walk , and so on .
 in the past people relied on the sunlight , moonlight and the light from fire .
 these were , however , very unreliable when the weather was bad and when the fel ran out .
 they had to read , study and walk in the dark .
 today , this kind of thing hardly happens !
 well , unless there was n't anything wrong with the power supply .
 i remember when i was about 0 , i visited a museum with my family .
 while i was in toilet , all the light was turned off !
 i screamed and cried since i 'd never experienced being in a complete darkness before .
 when the light was turned on again , i realised how important even a single bulb would be , and i was sure i can never , ever live without it .
 dear maria ,
 first of all , i am sorry to hear that richard is ill .
 as the conference must go on , i will give you the information you asked for in order to work on with this conference .
 according to the hotel , the group has been arranged to stay in a hotel which is very the place we are going to have the conference .
 the hotel is the pace hotel .
 it 've just only 0 minutes walk from there to the conference and i would like to suggest that this is the best way to get to the conference .
 about the party , we will have a party at the end of the conference at the hotel you will stay .
 the party will be in a friendly atmosphere so do n't worry about what to wear .
 there will only be our group , so dress whatever you want and enjoy ourselves .
 lastly , what you could possibly do while you will be waiting for three hours , for some people who want to go shopping .
 the shopping centre is just right opposite of the hotel , however , some people may want to just wait at the hotel , having a cup of coffeee .
 the cafe in the hotel is available .
 i hope that information will be useful .
 if you have any questions i am more than happy to help .
 i look forward to seeing you at the conference .
 yours sincerely .
 could you live without this ?
 imagine how your life would be if you woke up one morning and found that all the electricity had gone .
 how would you manage to get yourself ready to go to work .
 how would you know what happens in the whole world or even how you would get yourself breakfast without toaster ! !
 how would you cope with all the those ?
 thank god for those who had created the electricity and had applied it into every appliances .
 the electricity is a clever invention .
 everything bases on the use of electricity , for instance from a little bulb light to the most complicated computer system which stored priceless information !
 life would n't be easy if we did n't have electricity .
 the electricity is very important in keeping our lives go .
 no matter where you are , what you do , apply , you need the electricity .
 let 's think this way , if we did n't have electricity , there would be no other inventions at all !
 i , personally , could n't live without the electricity .
 it has already affected and play a great role in my life .
 i watch the television and use the computer every day .
 moreover , other facilities in my house , telephone , air conditioners , fridge , for example , they are needed the electricity . that is very important to my life .
 dear mrs. smith
 my name is ... , i am a local student and i will give you the requested information .
 the rooms for your students have been booked at the palace hotel near the city centre .
 the hotel is just three busstops from our college .
 so you and your students can take the bus from the central busstation that is right in front of your hotel to get to the concerningence .
 the end of condence party starts just one our after the end of the concerningence .
 it is located in our sports hall .
 there will be live music and a midnight dinner .
 so you do n't have to appear very no dressed , just as you like it ( there is no order - you may wear what you want ) .
 for your last day i think it would be interesting to vit our historical and famous city centre .
 i will organize a tourist guide to give us information about the old buildings and sights .
 if you have any more questions write to me a short letter .
 yours sincerely
 the invention of the car was a great point in history .
 from there on people got mobile and had the possibility to travel where they wanted .
 of course within the physical barers .
 people now had the chance to move to far away places to spend their leassure time , to relax , or just to see something different than their home countryside .
 in my life has an enormous influence . i come from a rural area .
 the next city is 00m away and there is no acceptable bus - or rail connection to go there .
 it has been quiet hard to me not to have the opportunities for my free time like my friends that lived in or near the city .
 i just had no possibility to meet them after school , because i had no vehle to get there .
 i always need my mom or my dad to take me where i wanted to go .
 today i have my own car and i use it daily to get to work and to meet my friends at any place and any time .
 so with my car i achieved a great freedom .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i applying your letter where you asked for some information about the conference in peterborough regional college .
 your group has been booked into the pace hotel which is situated in the city center , at 00 minutes walking from where the conference take place in your group .
 in the next page there is a map showing you the best way to get to the conference that will be at the regional college .
 the condence will start at 0 p.m , the same day we expect , the 00th of june .
 our director will make a speech afterwards and there will be a party with some snacks , drinks and music .
 for the people interested in , there will also be an amusement karaoke .
 everybody should wear formal clothes , at least , a little bit formal .
 no jeans and tea - shirts .
 there is a lot of places you can visit in peterborough .
 we have a cathed you can visit anytime and the river side , which is the best if it is a nice day , sunny warm , for take a walk .
 for any details look in the next page map .
 yours sincerely ,
 alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
 she had a dream where somebody told her that day would be special .
 so , she took the bus , like every morning , and she went to school .
 but that day was a little bit different : she had her maths exam .
 she had never passed an maths exam and she was really nervous .
 half an hour before the exam she went to the cafeteria to take a cup of tea .
 she sat down and what a surprise she found a lottery ticket .
 nobody was around her , so she took the ticket .
 drank her cup of tea and she went to the classroom where the exam took place .
 she did the exam really well , she was very surprised , and after the exam she went home .
 she spent the rest of the day listening to music while she was thinking about the lottery ticket and waiting for the tv show at 0 o'clock .
 at the time , she turned on the tv and while the lottery man was shouting the winning of the numbers , she checked hers and what was the surprise that the last numbers were the same !
 she win £ 000 ! ! !
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i have just received a letter from you .
 i am really appreciate your interesting about our concerning .
 firstly , the pal - hotel is your accommodation which you have booked .
 this is very nice hotel and i am sure you will be very pleased with staying there .
 secondly , you will have no problems finding the conference .
 obviously , using a taxi is the best but unfortunately it is quite expensive for students .
 however , we have already prepared a mini - bus for you .
 the bus will be in front of your hotel at 0 p.m. and it will take you to the conference .
 thirdly , we will have the end of concerning party at 0 p.m. you can have dinner with which is very famous in our area and also you can enjoy the semiemical classical concert which we have prepared for 0 months .
 but i hope you will wear formal suit and dress .
 you will not be allowed to enter this party unless you wear casual clothes .
 lastly , you do not have any problem spending your extra time in cambridge because we have a lot of attraction .
 cambridge bus tour , for example , will be very nice time for you because it is the best and the easiest way of knowing cambridge .
 but if you do not like it , you can enjoy the city centre by walking and then you can enjoy going punting , which is the most pleasant attraction in the cambridge .
 i hope you will be happy with our condence and party and etc .
 we have prepared all of them for a long time .
 please oblige us with your attendance .
 if you want more information , please let me know .
 yours sincerely
 dear mr or miss ,
 welcome to my town and i am really appreciate your visiting .
 i would like you to visit ' coe ' building which is located in samselg - dong south of seoul .
 i will tell you some information about this building .
 this building consists of a world expectition centre , a multlex cinema , a huge shopping mall , a huge food court and an aquak .
 now there is holding ' the world software for luxury expectition in the centre .
 if you are interested in the computer , it will give you big pleasant .
 for a multlex cinema , it is the biggest cinema in asia and it has 00 screens .
 therefore you can enjoy all the latest films there .
 if you want to buy something , specially clothes , shopping mall , which is called ' cookex mall , will be the best place : very cheap and lots of designed design clothes .
 also , you 'd better not miss the food court .
 it is providing all kinds of food .
 korean food , italian food .... you can enjoy them all .
 lastly , i really want you to go to the aquire .
 actually i have been there for three times but i still want to go there again .
 i am sure you will like this very much .
 i hope you will enjoy yourself in my town . i would be very happy if you could be satisfied with my recommendation .
 and if you need someone to guide you , please send me e - mail or give me a call .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours faithfully ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i am writing to give some information on the conduct as you required .
 first of all , your group has been booked into palace hotel which is very convenient to stay and has beautiful landscape .
 i would recommend you get to the concerning the concerning subject by subject , because station is situated in 0 minutes ' walk from the hotel .
 it will take you about 00 minutes to arrive at college .
 there will be a party after the conference .
 we will serve you dinner and some college students are going to sing , playing musical instruments and so on , but you can join if you wish .
 therefore , you had better wear casual and comfortable clothes .
 finally , this area has its replaced for shopping centres , so it might be a good idea to buy some clothes , local food and so on .
 you will be able to buy them in reasonable price .
 i hope you will enjoy your stay in my country .
 i look forward to meeting all of you .
 yours sincerely ,
 amusement centre
 introduction
 the aim of this report is to give information on the amusement centre in seoul .
 it is based on my experience and on views expressed by local people who were interviewed .
 facilities
 it was found that the amusement centre is the most popular building in seoul to enjoy yourself .
 there is a wide range of facilities including theatres , game , korean restaurants .
 in particular , people seemed to be satisfied with theatres , because the screen is massive .
 the korean restaurants appeared to be the most popular to foreigners .
 things to buy
 it seemed you can buy everything you want in reasonably putting in the building .
 especially , korean souvenir shops were felt to be extremely cheap .
 however , you can buy luxurious things as well if you wish .
 conclusion
 in short , the amusement is fascinating place and it deserves a visit .
 i would highly recommend this building , because not only you can enjoy yourself but also experience korean culture , which might be exotic to foreign visitors .
 dear mrs. smith
 thank you very much for your letter , which i received yesterday .
 i am sure , together we can spent a good student conference in my college .
 i will give you some information .
 first of all , we come to some important points for the organisation .
 the group has been booked into a comfortable and well situatuat hotel , whose name is , palace hotel " .
 the hotel is on the right hand side of the parkeriece , which you can find on the map , which i will send you .
 the , palace hotel " is 0 minutes walking from the station .
 the conference is situatet in the building opposite the bus stop .
 after a short speed from our director , the evening entertainment will begin .
 in a well know and enjoyable pub in the city centre we consume some food and drinks .
 furthermore there will be a very famous life band .
 you do not have to wear some special clothes .
 you asked me for some suggestions for your free afternoon .
 naturally we have a lot of interesting things to visit but some specially is our cathedulete .
 the architecture bring you back into the old time . as well as the stage windows which are really amazing .
 we also have an interesting museum and a modern theatre .
 finally , i am sure you and your group will spent some funny realaxing days .
 please do not hesitate to contact me for some more information .
 i look forward to meeting each other soon .
 yours sincerely .
 inventions have affected all our lives !
 what is it what we use every day many hours ?
 sometimes 's early in the morning until late in the evening .
 yes it is the tv .
 it is well know almost all family , often with a lot of different cannels .
 first of all , the tv can tell us news in a short time , what happened all over the world .
 another point in favour of the invention for the tv is that they telling about interesting reports , for instance about animals or culture from other countries .
 furthermore they have a lot of different programme , usually something for everybody .
 it could also be relaxing to sit on sofa after a busy day at work .
 finally , the tv is in my opinion very useful for getting important information , you can watch the weather and all of them were present in wonderful colour .
 to sum up , in my opinion the tv is a very good and useful invention .
 however , they send a lot of violence which is not good for the children .
 i can not imagine living without televison , it is something what we need for our education , for getting news and other helpful information .
 dear mrs smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 surely i 'll try to help you as good as i can .
 first , i tell you the name of the hotel , it 's the pace hotel .
 fortunately , it is not far from our college .
 for getting from the hotel to the conference , you only have to take no bus no bus no and get off at stupge college , where the conference will take place .
 about the end - conference party i can only say that a band will be playing the whole night , and a special guest i still do n't know will be expected .
 i suggest wearing casual clothes . i think there 's no neededed of school uniforms .
 to answer your last question , i would propose you to attend the local zo , because many baby animals were born in the past few days .
 dear mrs smith , i hope the given information is useful for you .
 i 'm looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 the telephone
 could you imagine there 's no telephone ring in an office ?
 or to live your life without chatting for hours with your best friend ?
 could you ?
 i ca n't !
 the telephone was invented by alexander graham bell in the end of the 00th century .
 it was an invention nobody thought how important and how wides it would be in future .
 nowadays almost every household in the western world owns a telephone , and calling to relatives or friends spread all over the world is no strange thing .
 people need the telephone not only for chatting , but also for exching information information in a very short and direct way to possibility to answer immediately .
 when i was a child , we had no telephone at home , and i always had to go to a phone box in the centre of our village .
 now i have my own flat , and the first piece of furniture i 've bought was the telephone . i 'll never take it away from my home .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i want to inform you that i had already talked to rich brown and he informed me about the condence .
 next week i will start organising some events for this conference .
 the event will organize at the pace hotel .
 the same hotel that will you stay .
 pace hotel is opposite the park ' clifty ' , which is near the college .
 we chose that hotel because it is near college and we do n't need to use a transport .
 because you know where the college and you need to bring with me some things at college to hotel i think that is better to come all the college and then we can go together to the pal ' hotel ' .
 the condence start at 0:00 o'clock you need to be at college half an hour before .
 concerning the end - concerning the concerning - concerning dance and singing events .
 tell me your idea .
 about the clothes that we need to wear , must be uniform , because it is the best conference to london and every year are coming lectures from other colleages .
 finally on the last day we have organised a seeing - crossing around london . you will have the opportunity visiting some museums and zores parks .
 i think it is a nice idea .
 if you want more information you can call me my telephone number is 000 ecc. please if you have more ideas send me a letter .
 yours sincerely ,
 nowadays all people have a telephone .
 telephone is part of our life .
 it is one of the most important investigation all over the world .
 telephone is type of communication .
 if you want to talk with your friends , parents , partner or to ask something , you can call them without wondering how can be communicate with them .
 especial if some of your relatives or friends are living in other country you can communicate with them and everyday and you do n't feel that they are far a way from you .
 today with the development of technology has been improved and the abilities of the telephone .
 they are telephones that you have the opportunity to talk with more than one people at the line .
 also you can leave a message if you call and ca n't find someone .
 the last type of telephone , is the mobile phone .
 you can use it everywhere and at anytime .
 finally telephone except from the type of communication , is type and social society .
 nowadays who are so bussy and we do n't have free time to see our friends , we can call them and talk or chat with them .
 especial the young people are using many hours the telephone and that is trouble for their parents .
 telephone is very important invigation if we can use it correct without use it as type of entertainment as they are do nowady many people .
 dear mrs smith
 i have received your letter , which was about that you would like me to inform you .
 as you know , a hotel whose name is palace hotel has been booked for your group .
 the best way to get from there to the conference is to take a taxi .
 i am afraid there are no buses to get there .
 we will have a great party at the end of the conference .
 the party will be formal , therefore you have to wear formal clothes like a suits or a dress .
 as you know , it is not suitable to wear a jane or something .
 on your last day you have an afternoon free .
 in my area there is a fantastic park , which is the most famous park in the country .
 you can find a lot of things to do or to see .
 you can visit the zo or walk around the amazing lake in the park .
 i hope you will find all the details which you would like to have in the letter .
 if you need any information , please let me know .
 yours sincerely ,
 power of computurs .
 how much can a computer affect your life ? i think it affects more than you think .
 when i was a child i always wanted to get the lyrics of the songs that i liked , but it was nearly impossible to have them .
 i felt lack of them .
 i first bought a computer as i was in university .
 it was so necessary for me because i wanted to be a computer programme .
 that time i met the magic world of computers .
 linking to the internet was so popular .
 the internet was something amazing for me .
 can you think you have every information you need whenever you want ?
 can you think you contact with anyone who is from any country whenever you want ?
 i meet a lot of people on the internet and it really interested me .
 i learn a lot about their culture by speaking them on the internet .
 i was n't able to imagine this before .
 in addition this , today companies can do nothing without a computer .
 everything in this world works with computers from now on .
 computers changed my lifestyle , my opinion about the world .
 and they affect everyone 's life directly or indirectly .
 dear mrs. smith ,
 i am writing in order to reply to your letter and to give you all the information that you requested .
 first of all the hotel is the pace hotel , 00 regarding street , so that it is very easy to reach the concerningence .
 in fact you can take the bus number ; as you can see , the bus stop is just in front of the hotel , then you can get out to immediately after the church that you pass on your right hand .
 secondly , we will have the party in the hotel at 0.00 o'clock and a buff though will be served at 0.00 p.m. it would also be possible to get some vegetarian food and drink cocks of free . i would revealise your students to bring their card to their card to their age .
 what is more , i would suggest wear very smart dress and for men it is oblided the tie .
 finally , if i were you i would go shopping to the city centre to spend your last hours .
 however , if you received in archenology you should visit the history musical museum in garden sque .
 i hope you will find my letter of interest and i look forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 have you ever thought to live without your car ?
 how can you manage your daily life without it ?
 i last fourty years people seem to be completely addicted by using their own car .
 it is said that the majority of the citizens has got a car and unfortunately this is the reason why cities are getting pollfuted .
 on the other hand , this kind of facility has made our life more comfortable and easy .
 in fact we can go everywhere sitting either with friends or with our family and carrying lugguage and shopping bags .
 cars are able to cover not only short distance but also can be used for a long journey .
 for example , in the past it would be extremely exhausting travelling a hours but nowadays we have lots of big and spacious cars and carside wide range of options to choose with .
 however , i have to say that it has made people be lazy and at the same time stressed due to the traffic .
 on the other hand one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money as cars have long last and allow us travelling quickly .
 that 's why i could n't image my life without it .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter which i received last week .
 if student is , we will return the money but you should tell us to an untill one week before we start .
 and you are staying the pace hotel , which is located in town centre .
 you can take buses or our school buses .
 it costs forty pence .
 if you take public buses , it costs more expensive than school .
 the end of the condences party is going to start from seven o'clock .
 one of our teacher , who will be very by student is making speech for one hour .
 after after , student is making speech about what he or she learnedned and dinner .
 in my opinion , you should wear normal cloth .
 i would like to suggest that you should visit building of sixty two which is consisted on six second floor .
 there are eye - max cinema , museums , garelty .
 this is very famous in our city .
 i hope that my advice will help you .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely
 pusan castle
 pusan clected in south of south .
 this is the biggest and oldest in pusan .
 there are exhibited historcall things , picths and clothes .
 it was built four hundred ago .
 when you go up to the top of the cast you can see the whole town .
 and there are very big park in the castle .
 pusan cleast show about korea history from when one of our government has made our country .
 etc . and there are a lot of facilities in pusan castle .
 restaurant .
 shop specially for group .
 they can be given discount .
 what is more , every places is explained by english .
 so you do not need pamplat , but , entrance is a little expensive .
 it cost ten pounds .
 fortunately , if somebody visit caste caste , they give them discount .
 dear mrs maria smith
 with reference to your letter which i received yesterday , i would like to give you some details about the international student conference , also the accommodation and activities that are planned during these week .
 the hotel that is booked for the students it is one of the area in the area , it has great facilities and it is situated near to the place where the conference is going to be .
 the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus and it is already booked for the next day you arrive , at 0:00 am .
 about the party which is just at the end of the convenience , good it would be a dance party and the students do n't really need to wear special clothes . it 's just to have a little dance and i would be the students , after the party there is a small party trip to the part of the part of the city and i think it would be a good to chance to have three hours that last hours have left you have left back before .
 i hope this letter aswer all your questions , if you know more about it just give me a call or send me a letter .
 yours sincerely
 the aim of this report is to give some information about the new actulculo results which was build 00 years ago and it is one of the first buildings that was building with the latest technology and made by a important me arrised .
 in addition the responsibility an interesting history background about arquitectory and the best facilities and activities that you could have in mexic for example , it provides differents kinds of tours around mecho .
 on the contrary it is far from the city and it has difficult transport facilities .
 in spite of the disadvantages , i would strongly recommended to students and public to visit the new acceptculo results buildings and have a great experience knowing about buildings and at the same time travelling around me .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i am afraid to hear that mr. brown is ill i hope it wo n't be grave .
 however , i will be glad to give you as much information as you need and i hope you will find it helpful .
 the name of the hotel in which the group is going to stay in the pace hotel , to get there you must go to the centre of town , all buses are going there , once you are in the centre pal hotel is right in front of the rest information office office office office .
 for the end of the conference party we have booked one of the halls of the hotel and they will provide us life music and cattering .
 due the hotel is such an elegant place i would suggest dress up in night clothes .
 finally , to fill your free afternoon i would hardly recommend to visit the cathed and have a walk arround the old part of the city , if you like it will be my pleasure to show you the souroundings .
 yours sincerely ,
 chairs are not only part of the forniture , they are also objects of decoration and you can even find some museums as art as symbols .
 who could have invented such a useful item ?
 in fact , nobody has got this clue , but it must have been the most clever person on earth !
 the world is packed with so many tipes of chairs , from the common wonderful on to the most sophisticate and comfortable others finding a baste range of prices .
 from my point of view the chair is without a doubt the most useful gadget ever invented .
 some people use them in their work , others are wishing to get one by the end of the day and for some other people while chair representions the possibility of mougement .
 although it is worthing that not everybody can choose his ideal chair there is a special one for each of us .
 dear mrs smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i am glad to help you for the organisation of the conference .
 i phoned the tourist information last week and i got some information about the accommodation of the students .
 i think we should book at the pace hotel .
 it is an outstanding building situated in the city centre .
 the hotel is in a good position , 00 minutes walk from the conference and i think the best way to reach it is on foot .
 i am sure the students will enjoy walking in the streets of the town .
 the conference starts at 0 o'clock in the afternoon and finishes at 0 pm .
 i think they should wear smartress dress , because there will be lots of interesting people and important meeting .
 in conclusion , for the last day , i thought it will be very interesting for students to visit the town and appreciate its monuments and art .
 on the other hand , if you prefer to have a relaxing day , you could have a pic nic nic in the wonderful park .
 i hope my suggestion and idea will help you to organise the meeting .
 i look forward to receiving your confirmation .
 yours ,
 report :
 to : mr
 from :
 date : 00 june 0000
 introduction :
 as requested , the aim of this report is to assess the suitbility for a group of american students for the visit at the etcain museum .
 general information :
 the museum is situated in the centre of popular popular rouli , the pictures fishing village on the etcan coast coast .
 popularly you is about 00 km . from piombinbos and it can be reached by well organised means of transport .
 description :
 the etc manager is one of the most attractive building in my town .
 it contains lots of archological etcusans founded and some remains about etcusans neoropoloris .
 the entrance fee is £ 0 student .
 positive aspects
 0 . the museum is well - organised for tourists .
 there are some shops , café and toilets .
 also there are some free handones that explain the history of the museum .
 0 .
 after their visit into the museum , they could enjoy the superb view of the sea and the tuscan archipago , and they could have a pic - nic on the beach .
 negative aspects
 0 .
 the negative aspect of the museum is that is quite expensive for students .
 conclusion :
 although the entrance fee is quite expensive for a group of students , i strongly recommend it for their excursion and their interests .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i am writing to give you some information asked in your letter , which i received this morning .
 your group has been booked in pace hotel which is one of the most comfortable hotels in london .
 personally , i am glad that you will have this opportunity to use its various facilities .
 it is based in the city centre and is about half an hour by underground from the concernence .
 in my opinion the easiest way to get there from the conference would be by taking the picadly line .
 however you would take bus number , if you would like to have a look at the city centre and you have some free time .
 regarding the end - of convenience party , i would suggest wear some dress for a woman and an elegant suit for a man , though it is no formal do .
 the party will finish quite late so we decided to provide a bus which would take you to the hotel safely .
 basical , during three hours in the afternoon nobody is able to visit all of interesting places of london .
 however you would have a long walk along the river to take some essential photos .
 i look forward to welcoming you .
 yours sincerely
 are you always happy when your telephoning ?
 as far as i am concerned the telephone was invented in 00th century .
 it has been affecting our lives very quickly , although there were some different ways of communication as tv , for instance .
 since the internet was introduced , many of us would n't have imagined the lives without this .
 we were able even to have our own telephone kept in our pocket for some time .
 however , are you always happy when your personal phone rings .
 on the other hand i wonder whether you have experienced some situations when you would n't have your mobile switched on .
 this invention has affected my life completely .
 since i have been travelling around the world i would have imagined in tough with my family or friends without the internet or my mobile phone .
 in spite of having the opportunity of keeping contact with friends at the time we are far away from home , we should have been knowledge how to use it without interrupting others .
 dear maria :
 thank you for your letter .
 i will be pleasure to help you .
 the following are some information about the international student conference .
 the party will be take place in pace hotel .
 the hotel is very close town hall .
 from park square , just go straight .
 you can see the sign of hotel .
 this is a international student party , so i suggest you wear tradition clothes .
 it looks nice and have good meaning .
 you can notice every students which they could make some tradually food to the party .
 after meal , you can play some games and prepare some gift to the winner .
 at the end ofference you can dance and singing together .
 there is my suggestion about this party .
 if you still have some problem , you can call me .
 love from ,
 report building of luton university
 i heard that a group of america students has just arrived in our town .
 i want to introduce an interesting building for them to visit .
 it is main building of luage at university at park squir .
 there is academic building .
 it inculds library .
 i suit , academic rooms a gym club and a restaurant .
 there is a very big labits .
 you can find any information from that it what you want .
 at the rest of time , you can go to it suit use the internet .
 if you feel hungry , you do n't need go out .
 just at the same building , you could find restaurant .
 i recommend this buying to visit .
 because students will know british students how to study and different camp life .
 they can also talk with british students to communicate study experience .
 i think it will be interesting for american students .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing with reference in your letter concerning an organization of an international student concerning in aimbimbledge .
 below i am clarifying some information you asked about .
 first of all , i would like to give you more information about the name and location of the hotel .
 the group has been booked into " maria luisa " hotel which is situated in the centre of wimbled called wimbing village .
 this hotel is the next building after art college , so it will be easy for your group to find the place .
 secondly turning to the end - convenient party , it is planned to be in aimbledge common - nice piece of england nature .
 so , it may be a good idea to take some very comfortable and informal clothes .
 thirdly , talking about your free afternoon before leaving the area , i would suggest you to visit wimbled museum of tennis .
 where is quite a good exposition , their giving interesting information about the history of wimbled tennis tournaments .
 i look forward to meeting your group in our conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 report .
 introduction :
 the purpose of this report is to give a brif discussion of the academy of art in stuff . petersburg .
 from my point of view this building is the best option to visit .
 location :
 this building is situated in the magnificent embment of niva river with an existellent view on themitage museum .
 history :
 the building was built by very famious russian architect and it is a marvelling example of russian class architure of xixvires century .
 facilities :
 in the academy of art you can find the oldestiest libility with a wide range of books , the museum of the russian art with a huge college college of painting , sculpture and architectural projects from eightehing to late twenth centuries .
 it is also a good chance to be introduced with the russian system of art education .
 conclusion :
 the building of academy art in ste- . petersburg is worth visiting and interesting as historical as educational as education aspects .
 dear mrs smith :
 i have received your letter which informs me you are now in charge of the group students attending the international conference .
 it is my pleasure to help you with the information you need .
 your group has been booked into the pace hotel , located on the high street , opposite the post office .
 the conference will be hold in the roy hall , and the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus .
 take the 00 route and it will take you just in front of the royal hall .
 the end - of conduct party will be hold in frances restaurant , just by the royal hall .
 you should wear casual clothes .
 about what you can do in the area for the free time you have , i would suggest you visit the modern museum which has now a new exhibition .
 another suggestion could be to visit the zo , or just walk through the spring gardens which are beautiful in this time of the year .
 i hope all this information is helpful for you .
 yours sincerely ,
 the telephone : a great invention .
 imagine your life without a telephone .
 yes , i know it is just hard to imagine our lives without this invention .
 think about the people living at the time it was invented .
 must had been such a exciting things being able to talk to someone living thousands of miles ....... and now for us is just as simple as down for a number number and talk who to we want to .
 of course is nice to have a phone conversation with friends or family , but the telephone is also very important for business and emergencies .
 for example , i work for a bank , and we need to have weekly meetings with our director living 000 kilometers far , and he do n't have to come here , we just have a phone conference where everybody can talks , and that is it !
 what aboutmergencies ?
 a phone call time for an ambulance can save the life of many people having a heart attack .
 we sometimes do n't realize the importance of some inventions we use in our everyday life .
 but think .... what would we do without them !
 dear mrs maria .
 i am one of all students and i am going to give you an information , all you need .
 we have been booked the hotel for you and the name of hotel is " pace hotel " quite shopping centre .
 it is not far away , you just go along park road about ten minutes .
 then you will arrive at pace hotel on the left handside of you .
 about the end of conference party .
 we are going to have a dinner before the end and at the end we are going to bring you to the hotel , you need to wear a night - dress or suits and bow tie .
 finally , on the last day you have three hours before you catch the plane so we suggestion . you can go shopping centre and buy something for your special person or to museam because this museam is the biggest world in the world it is up you to up .
 yours sincerely
 group to leader
 i am the student leading . we are great that your group group has just arrived so i am going to give information about an interesting building to visit .
 we recommend you go to bbcild building .
 first of all , about bburcilding is the news building england .
 on the ground floor , they have a video camera everywhere around the building and police officer walk around the building as well .
 up to the first floor , they have a huge radio room , for send and receipt the information all over the world because they have a small bbbblling all over the world either ;
 for example , thailand , state of america , indonia and canada .
 and the second floor is the news room where they get on - air to show on the t.v. that is not finish , i just give you some information but they have more interesting thing you do not know .
 i recommend you building because this building is the main of the london and this building is the second most beautiful building in london so that why i recommend you building this building .
 from student leader .
 dear mrs smith ,
 thank you very much for your letter .
 i would be very pleased if i can help you answering all your enquiries .
 the hotel which your students ' group has been booked into is the pace hotel .
 it is fairly easy to get there from the conference .
 i would suggest you walk along new street , which is the one next to river , and in 00 minutes you will see the hotel in your right hand side .
 the hotel is just opposite the city to the city hospital .
 as you already possibly know , the end - of conference party will take place at the main reception room at the same hotel .
 you should have been there by 0 o'clock in the evening .
 answering your question , you should be fine wearing casual clothes .
 however , if you want to dress smarter , there is no problem at all .
 with reference to the last afternoon , if i were you i would visit the city museum .
 there are many interesting works of art by famous painters of this country .
 if you have any time left you ought to go to the high street , where you could go shopping .
 please , do not hesitate to contact me at the above address if you need any further information .
 i look forward to meeting you at the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 inventions have affected all our lives !
 the invention without no doubt that has affected my own life by far is the car .
 cars have definitely changed all our lives , and i am not refering only in a positive way , but in a negative way as well .
 picture this : a big city such as london or news with no cars on their streets .
 could you imagine it ?
 to be honest , i ca n't .
 cars are part of our daily lives .
 traffic jams people nervous , sometimes really upset and violent .
 but , anyway , people use cars .
 if we do n't use them we suffer from them .
 in my case i use public transport during the week to go to work but i could hardly imagine my weekends without my beloved car .
 i really need it to escape from the pollution , mainly caused by cars and any other four - whether make vehing .
 is n't that contradictorious ?
 to go to the countryside and being able to breath fresh , non - polluted air , i use my car , which , as far as i am concerned does not help to maintain a clean air at all .
 therefore i am thinking in selling my car , which has changed my life over the last 00 years , which has given me a kind of freedom , which has gone with me to sort of fantastic places , and change my life for a new life : what car .
 dear mrs smith .
 i have just received your letter .
 it was very sorry news to richard brown .
 i have given much information of the international student conference .
 firstly , the conduct will take place in the pace in the pace hotel and we get from our college to there by bus .
 number 00 bus runs to there every 0 minutes .
 it takes 00 minutes that is convenient to us .
 secondly , there are some programme that are very great .
 first time , the conference 's head makes a short speech and then we have dinner and drinks .
 finally we enjoy a disco party so you wear a suitable dress .
 on the last day i go to your house and then we think about our conference plane .
 i hope it will be a successful conference .
 see you soon .
 yours sincerely
 alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
 alice and jane back her home .
 alice is jane 's boyfriend .
 in the morning they have met and then they went to beach .
 it was nice weather and beautiful time .
 in the evening they were going to the disco party that was jane 's friend 's birthday party .
 jane suddenly thought about her housework that left inside her house and alice could see her house and he found the bathroom window was opening .
 so he crimbed on the radder up to the window and he opened the polemen came there " what happened ? "
 jane expenses that situations and they under stood him .
 so they could go to the disco party .
 it was a very wonderful party and they have never forgot that day .
 it was a very special day .
 dear mrs maria smith :
 i am writing to give you the information that you asked me for .
 the group has been booked into the haron hotel .
 this hotel is very good placed .
 from there you can get a taxi , catch the buses seven and eleven , which both have you very close to the convenient place , and also you can go by underground to get there .
 the conduct starts at 0:00 pm and it finishes at 0:00 .
 then , after the conference , there will be a formal party at the group 's hotel , which start at 0:00 pm and finishes at 00:00 am .
 this party is a formal one , so you should be casual dressed .
 in this area you could visit the central park .
 it is very beautiful and a very good place to relax .
 another place that would be interesting to visit is the old cathed of the city .
 i hope this information could be useful for you .
 yours sincerely
 hampton court pace
 introduction :
 i have been asked for information in an interesting building to visit .
 i went to hamptin last year , and i think it is a great place to visit .
 location :
 hamptont court pace is localated in hampt repamont .
 in addition to that , i think this town is wonderful and it has a mague beauty .
 transport :
 to get to hamptin court pace , you need to take a train from watero traination station .
 from there depart the trains to hamptont court .
 moreover , i think by train is the best way to get there , because hamptpt a court traination is very close to hamont pality .
 price :
 there is a great price for children , students , adults and families .
 they are between three and six pounds each .
 conclusion :
 hampton court pal is a building with lots of history and interesting things to see .
 and also it would be an excellent chance for this group of students to see it .
 to : mrs. smith
 thank you for your letter , which arrived on second .
 june .
 i am very pleased to help to organize this concerning in our college , which will hold at the centre at bre at college starting at 00th june for 0 days .
 please find information your required as follows :
 we have booked the hotel for the group .
 called " pace hotel " which is about 00 miles away from our college , the hotel will have a coach to pick up from the airport on 00th of june and then take the group to convence return and to hotel every day .
 regarding the end of convenient party .
 we have planned a barbecue at 0 pm . on our most idylic play field which is over looking the endless countryside and farms .
 at 0:00pm .
 we can move to our student hall to have a discance until 00:00 .
 on the last day , we have arranged a small party in the hotel , then we all set up to have a sightseeing birleyball town center for about two hours before you leave for airport .
 bromley town center is the most beautiful shopping centre in south east london .
 there are many historical buildings remain .
 i think the students will enjoy this sightseeing .
 if any further discussion , please let me know .
 yours . sincerely ,
 how wonderful " light "
 we need light every day , not just night time .
 we need light in offices or schools or some places during the day .
 how is the wonderful life after invention the light .
 here we just talk about the light we invented apart from nature .
 when i was small , we lived in country yard , i remembered , we used to have oily lots which used a costing strong dipping in the oil in the small bottle and it made bed the tip of the strotton stronging to us give us light during the time , it was very little , on little , and many things we could n't do the lights because the lange was very small .
 there was no light outside our house , no light on the road or field either .
 i was always very scared whenever orver wherever . because most places .
 covered by dark , dark and dark .
 this scark is still affecting my life now .
 i never stayed out after dark today except accompanying by my family .
 what a biggest person on the earth , who invented the light , einste was .
 he created another day after sunset , people use it to do anything they want to do , we believe we ca n't live without light today , specially in the city life , we have a long time to spend for the activities after sun to bed .
 which we definitely need to keep on . i dare to say , without light , our life will go into a dark , dark , darkl .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to you to reply to your question about the conference in london . thank you for your letter .
 i am very pleasant to know you decided to come to the " ii international conference of human rights " which will be celebrated in albert college next 00 of june .
 i would like to inform you that the group you belong to , has been booked in paceal place hotel , in the centre of london from the 00 june until 00 june of june .
 the albert hall college , the building where will be taken part the conference is s near green parkency ; so , to get it from the pace hotel you can take the bus number , otherwise , you can take the picadilly from kadely south charysation southifornation to sten to greenwise .
 it takes about 00 minutes .
 therefore , that 's the faster way of transport you can choose .
 the condence will start at 0 am of 00 june and will finish at 0 pm in the same day .
 during the day is supposed having a break of half and hour at 00 p.m and finally , a party for all the people who will be there .
 that will be a smart party and because of this , it will be required a well - dressed and immulate presence .
 ladies should wear an evening dress and gentlman a dark suit .
 as i can see from your letter , you will have about three hours before you catch your plane , so , i would suggest visiting the tasp modern museum , where you will find several interesting pictures such dires 's wars trahols .
 if you need some more information or details about the conference , you can contact alexia in 0000000 on 0000000 .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 introduction
 the aim of this report is giving some suggestions to a group of american students who has just arrived in rome and want some information about an interesting building to visit .
 rome is a big city where they can find several moments and important buildings , for this reason i would suggest them visit .
 0 ) " fontan di trev " sni " sited in trevis square in the centre of rome .
 that 's a small squire where there is a fount very big .
 it was built by can be architect in 0000 .
 that is the fain which " dolce vita " film was taken place .
 0 ) for other hand , there is vill borghese building that it is a museum where they can find the most important sculptures and pictures of an canas and basis , bernini , who stayed for a long time working in the nee .
 conclusion
 i would recommend them the buildings because :
 0 ) first of all , there are sited in the centre of centre rome so they can take a bus to get them move and around the city .
 0 )ly , they can enjoy visiting museums , and afterwards they can take something to eat or to drink in the " pizzias ' and restaurants near famous places .
 in conclusion , they could combine art , the history and the night visiting one only place without spend much money .
 dear marie ,
 i am sorry to hear that our friend mr brown is ill .
 as our condence is due to start next week i respond straight away .
 there are some information you have asked me about .
 we booked rooms for your group at the paceal hotel .
 that is the best option because it is placed less than 0 minutes walk from the conducted center .
 when you live a hotel you have to turn right and you blon the street .
 at the first traffic lights turn right again and you should see a big blue building .
 that 's our convenience centre .
 at the hotel reception you will find printed information how to get over there .
 as you know at the end of convences there is a party .
 party is due to start at 0 p.m. until 0 a.m. there is 0r break between the end of conference and party .
 at this time you and your group can refresh yourself .
 i would like to mention that because our conducted that is dress - cody .
 hope you will enjoy it .
 we prepared some special attraction like live dance music and hot or cold buffet .
 about you 're the last question i can suggest visit the royal castle .
 that will give you and your guests an impression about our country and history .
 yours sincerely ,
 in our town there is so many interesting places to see that there is hard to choose one .
 in my opinion the most interesting is the castle .
 it is placed on a hill so it is very easy to recognize when it is .
 just look up and you will see that huge building .
 actually it is a whole complex , the old and the new castle , cathedrall and the most interesting undergroud part with it 's amazing crys .
 and if you climb on the top of the main tower - the keep you will see unforgettable view on a white to .
 after that you can explore our great museum at the old castle .
 you will find there an amazing collection of old weapon , armores and we are , especially proudly of it , the great collect of swords .
 after that i am sure you will be happy to find a few restaurantsulated at the new castle .
 i am sure that should be enough for one day trip .
 for you information i can say that at this time we have five weeks festival and this night there will be a great display .
 that should completely that amazing day .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing this letter in reply to your letter which arrived yesterday .
 i do welcome you and your group , and i am willing to help you by giving the information that you have asked me .
 firstly , let me explain the way from the pace hotel , where your group will be staying , to the conference .
 the hotel is located in the centre of seoul , therefore many ways to get to the conference .
 the easiest way to get there is to take the underground which takes about 00 minutes .
 the map will be given to you on the day of your arrival .
 secondly , the end of conditioning party will be held in the palace hotel 's percel room and starts at 0 o'clock in the evening .
 professor kim from my college is going to give a speech , and after that dinner will be served .
 the party is not very formal , so you can wear any kind of dress , as long as it is suitable for dinner .
 finally , i would like you to recommend the visit to a traditional korean pacement badly bored for the last day 's free time .
 it must be a very interesting visit for the students who has never experienced an orient atmosphere .
 it is just 0 minutes walk from the hotel , and in front of the hotel gate , an airport bus will be waiting for you to take you to the airport after finishing the out .
 i hope you will enjoy your stay in korea , and not hesitate to contact me for any further information .
 i look forward to seeing you soon ,
 yours sincerely ,
 .
 report on kygok pace - the glor of chosen reason .
 .
 introduction .
 this report provides the information about kong bok paceal , which is highly recommended visit to visit for visitors from foreign countries .
 it highlights the background history and considers the interest of young people , and makes a final recommendation .
 .
 history .
 the kingdom changed has a history for 000 years and lasted until the beginning of 00th century .
 kong bok pace was the main result of the royal family , so you will be able to imagine its size .
 as the kings of changed to be a part of the nature , the palace had a huge garden . however it was destroyed by the army of japan , and now there remains only a part of the original pace .
 there is a special monument for the last queen of chosen who was killed by the japanese army .
 .
 activity .
 the reason that this pace is also popular for the youngers , who tends to dislike the historical visit , would be the various activity .
 you can try the traditional games of korea and there is a chance to wear the traditional clothes of the royals .
 also there are performances which held daily in the front gate of the pace .
 .
 final recommendation .
 it is out of question not to visit kong bok paceal unless you do not want to know about korean history .
 you will find many interesting points therefore , i , and urge you to visit the place , if you want to experience the tradition of kore .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing in response to your letter where you asked me to give you more information about the international student conference and give some ideas and suggestions of what you and students can do during your free time here .
 the group has been booked into the pace hotel which is located in the central area of the city , so it will not take you and your students too much time to get to the town where the conduct is supposed to begressed .
 the easiest way to get there from your hour hourel is to take 000 years ( the bus stop is opposite to the hotel ) or we can hire a minute for you but there is an extra charge for it .
 there is a party on the last day of the conference .
 special awards will be given to the students whose reports are the best .
 less of the party is likely to be as our night club so a lots of music , dancing and fun are provided .
 please note that the alchoolch rechnology are drinks only sold until 00 pm .
 you can wear whatever you like this kind of party .
 coming back to ideas and suggestions i've promised to give you for free afternoon before you catch your plane i can advise you to visit our zo or to a piece for a piece in a park you will go to the night party .
 yours sincerely ,
 can you see how many inventions you are surrounded with in your life ?
 such a simple and us things like a telefone , a car , a computer so only seem to be normal and us for us , or we have got used ) as we use them every day .
 hundred years before people could n't even use an electric lump not saying about a car or computer .
 they have interentions improved our life since they have appeared , but not everyone believe it is really so .
 some people say that many of important inventions in our lives are not so good and useful as we have got used to see them .
 first of all they say about environments which cars and other vechicles make , overspending the electricity using electricity equipment and some others .
 but to my opinion if peoples inventions take a place in our lives they are right then .
 i think the telef the most important thing in many people 's lives as it makes you to be able to get in touch with anyone do n't matter wherever you are ( i am talking about mobile phones which now have majority of our choice ) .
 computers make everything much faster so everything is now based on computers systems .
 an electric lamp was an important invention hundred years before but for that time it was like a revolution ) .
 i think it would n't be possible to survive for us without an ectric life .
 because of shipbuilding development people could make all the geography discoveries , and an automobile transport is undenable necessity in our life .
 in case of all said i am more likely to think that the benefits of advantages of people 's inventions are many higre the who all their disadvantages .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i have just read your letter and i am happy to help with giving you some further information .
 according to your first question , for the time of conference the students will stay at the pal hotel , where the reserving stready made .
 it is situated near to our college , about five minutes walk from the nearest tube station , which is south afbled .
 as you were informed , there will be a party for all attends of the conference which will take place afterwards at the hotel restaurant .
 minding the fact that it will be entirely sociable meeting i believe that casual clothes are the most suitable options for this event .
 finally , answering your last questions about student days - out , i suggest visiting a local tennis museums and wimbbled tennis courts courts as one of the best international tourists attractions .
 if you have any further question , please do not hesitate to contact me .
 i look forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 to : lead of the group of american in american students
 from :
 date : 00.00.0000 .
 subject : recommendations of a place to visit
 introduction :
 the aim of this report is to give a description and recommendation of the most interesting building in the town .
 general information :
 the place i would like to recommend is the seventhing robbertsally pace .
 it is situated in a heart of warsaw and surrounded by the buildings for an town .
 there is a square of old market with the magnificent statue of the zygmunt , in the centre of it .
 facilities :
 .
 inside the pace , there is a museum of an antique collection of putting .
 .
 there is also a portrait gallery in the left wing of the palace .
 .
 the old town is the best place for afternoon stonll with a great deal of restaurants , caffaff and street performers .
 .
 there is an easy reaching to the cashpoints , lavourories , emergency services , etc .
 positive points
 .
 it is easy to get there by any sort of public transport
 .
 there are numbers of hotels or you hostgers to stay overnight , if necessary .
 .
 most of the admissions are absolutely free .
 negative points
 .
 a part of the pal might be closed , due to the renovations .
 .
 all the facilities are usually overcrowded during a summer holiday .
 conclusion :
 despite the few drawbacks , i would strongly recommend the robody paceal as the most suitable place to visit for the foreign students .
 dear : mrs maria smith
 i am replying to your letter for the help you 're needed .
 i am pleased to tell the information you need for the group .
 the hotel i was booked is pace hotel weliches in the center of london just tow blok from victoria stations .
 i think it is vereosing for the group . you know victoria area is easy to travel from therefore to the rest of the city . about the hotel is closing , and have a good servood servums are the rooms are doing and next baths for the n't for studoms of students we good best get a best colleags and the best way to college is consearching to wind the trust the consterving role to gething role and hand the college you will stand the college .
 how may i am going to make a plan for accheents with all of the dilite and adres .
 about the party in the end of conference we organise in the same hotel whict have a nice son .
 will best good for your group you do n't need move to anser place .
 we 'll have drink and food and music for dance .
 it is not a formal party so i thinking is faint something no too formal .
 i whant to suggestions for the last day you and your group may be go to green park and visit the queen house and the parenturopect is very nice and the group would be queues afth afth afth offer the get freases . earre our international could be the new gal new talth i never been there but there could be a good for visitions with it .
 i have been hearing about the a they have in explicuion is interesting .
 i hope you found the letter using usuel and if you have n't question letter about my know .
 i am looking forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely
 inventions have affected all our lives
 the computer was invented 00 year or mor ago and estart lake a proces information with a big cig performed and maked a smold and a holde a holde mean something lake a cig cig .
 the machines was used for read this cash was too big you used to need a room for our computers .
 i remember when i had the fare lesson in the university and the takeher to as the computer centre i sacher all my college to the my college were looking was very dultagious imagine how you can work in these kuter .
 these days the computer is part of the own life you use it all the time some time you do person or an or an or answer is just the thing you need like go to the bank . using transpor , for going shop etc . it is a machines easy and easier , you can carior it everywhere where it is etc . the way as the computer changes are queks and playing for us and playing for useful for using for micians and players for us workers for using for using for micular questions and plays of the computers and players .
 but the computer have the bad seash to why i mean a life a day depending mor and mor for it .
 so i feel ask you when i think the consercuences if some of the virus or mad prapoel make bad lake happened this days with the sex or other .
 i work with children an computer help my jop bat affed to .
 so i hope the wold me consider and about the inguences in compuence work have in the estop these problem because some good could be some thiger very danger .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i am writing to give you some advice of an international student conference .
 first of all , the name of hotel which we have been booked into is pace hotel .
 and we have two choices to get to the conference , a bus or a train .
 both of them are as convenience as getting there .
 the day before we will leave there , we have a party which takes place in our hotel .
 it is a kind of formal party , so we should be well - dressed .
 i suggest that you wear formal dress .
 there is some fingering food and drinks .
 it might be a great party for end of conference .
 finally , in my opinion we could go a centre of the town because there is many places to have a look and go shopping .
 it 's quite a nice and a suitable place to spend three hours .
 it could be interesting for them .
 i am looking forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 imagine our life without a telephone .
 if a telephone haven't been invented , we would n't have lived perfectly like nowadays .
 would n't you think we rely on it more than we expect ?
 a telephone is used when we need to contact with someone , and also an emergency situation and an internet .
 it has various way to use , however , nowadays it is not used by these purpose , but also it keeps our company .
 even if you feel alone , you can talk and hear from your friend easily .
 then it makes you happy .
 a long time ago people lived without this perfect invention .
 but how ?
 they used to keep in touch with someone with a letter .
 in spite of taking a lot of time to catch up with it was a only way .
 so that 's why they have invented a telephon .
 now we could feel the world closer and closer behoser of a telephone .
 who would n't thank for this great invention ?
 dear madam ,
 i received your letter and i 'm pleased to answer your questions .
 m. brown has booked rooms in the paceal hotel .
 this is a first hotel .
 the easiest way from the hotel to the conference is with the bus .
 there is a bus stop in front of your hotel .
 take the bus in the centre town .
 after four stops get off the bus .
 the name of this stop is kong konghaus ' .
 if you leave the bus , the conference is in the household road .
 you ca n't miss it .
 afterwards we will eat together in a restaurant and we will go in a discos .
 for the disco you 's musn't wear bluee jeans .
 finally at your last day i propose you to do a sightseeing tour in our town .
 it takes you two hours .
 afterwards you will have any time to buy some souvenirs from switzerland .
 if you have any more questions , write back me .
 yours sincerely ,
 i will write about the invention of the computer .
 with the computer our work is easier and more interesting .
 before the time with computers , people had to write every time a whole letter .
 when they would correct a word , they had to write the whole letter again .
 with the computer we can write a letter , correct a word or change without writing the whole letter again . we save the letter and in three weekend could send it to another person .
 i work at a bank and i work all day with computers .
 if we hand n't ay one , we had to write all the transactions in papers .
 if i order money for our bank with the computer i can be sure that i will arrive the day after .
 but if i had to write a letter and to send it by post , the money will arrive two or three days after .
 i have never work without a computer , but if we had n't any we would find it normally .
 mrs maria smith ,
 i 'm pleased to be able to help you on the international student conference .
 the hotel in which group has been booked to is the paceal hotel , which is situated near the big bridge of montime blanc .
 to get from the hotel to the condence , you have to take the high indirect of lausing , and after nearly half an hour of driving you come out at the place which is indicated with coppet , divorry .
 when you come out , just go on your right , and then turn to follow the indications to the chtaignerie school .
 the end of the condence party will take place at the same place .
 some musicians will play classical music , and there will be many different drinks and food .
 you should wear some formal clothes , but not necessary really pretty clothes
 for three hours , you could visit the museum of the reduced , which is very interesting .
 i hope that this information will help you
 sincerely yours ,
 the portable phone , a very useful invention !
 during all mank britory , there were discovers who tried to make human life better , but it is in the last century that there were the most biggest discoveries .
 when the phone without cable was invented , one was n't sure if it would be a success or not .
 but the research went on , and the portable phone is getting always smaller and more useful .
 the portable phone is an important invention , because nearly everybody has one , and so one can always calls call somebody if there is a problem .
 moreover , some portable phones have a connection to the web , so it is easy to read newspapers if one hasn't enough money to buy it .
 personally , the portable phone has affected my own life , because when somebody is phoned home , i do n't have to rush to take phone , being afraid that 's it too late .
 i recommend this extremely important invention to those who still do n't have a portable phone .
 dear maria ,
 i would be pleased to help you all the questions and i will provide you some information which you need as much as i can .
 i would like to inform you that centre real lotel hotel has been booked for the accommodation of the group and it will be quite easy to get everywhere on foot during your stay .
 as you know that we arrange an evening party on the third day of the week , we can say that a kind of relaxation time .
 nothing will be spacial .
 place is college garden .
 time it is 0 pm .
 there is no need to bother about clouths .
 everybody can put on something casual .
 beforstand from england i suggest you visit the cannals and small villages around basstoking . you could find the opportunity to see the country life .
 yours sincerely ,
 time fly
 i have to admit that they invented the cars and transportation veicles did the most respectable invention of the word .
 i say that it must be the most important thing for us because they save our times passing so fast .
 can you deny how quickly we get somewhere by car or by bus .
 maybe 00 times as quickly as somewhere on foot .
 try to imagine your life without having anyf them .
 would n't be unbarable and painful .
 carte it would be just like mine .
 because i live in a rural area far from any village , town , or city centre .
 the nearest civilization takes me 0 hour on foot .
 i have no car , no local busice to use .
 even coming to basst seems like a international journey to me .
 and of this stops me every time to live sociable life .
 but also i 'm aware of that the time fly for me . i must do whatever i want before it is too late .
 and i have to confession the invention of the car was the most useful invention for the humanity .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i was delighted to receive your letter and to know that a group of students from your college have decided to take part in our international student conference .
 as you need more information , i answer all your questions with place .
 firstly , the palace hotel has been booked for your group .
 it is one of the most comfortable hotels in our situated and situated only half a mile from building of our college , so it is very simple to get from there to the conduct by football .
 secondly , our end - conditioning party is included dinner and dancing , i would advise you to wear something not very formal .
 finally , you can spend an afternoon on the last day visiting local historical places ( castles , builded in 00th-00 century ) or art gallery , as well as beautiful bodnant gard .
 i am looking forward to the meeting with you and mutual work during conference .
 yours sincerely
 there are many different people 's inventions around us .
 we are so used to them that sometimes think they existed always .
 some of them are very practical , other are rather strange .
 i think that one of the most important and affecting our life inventions is the telephone .
 imagine life without anyone phone .
 you are on the road , you have car accident .
 what are you going to do without any phone ?
 on another situation , your son is ill , he needs help urgently .
 i am sure , the phone has saved many lives .
 besides , it is always very nice to ring your friend or mum , only for chating in any time .
 thanks the phone , it is possible even your mam is on the other end of the earth .
 to be honest , next great invention of people , computer , ca n't work , if you haven't got the phone .
 so i am very grateful man , who invented it , unfornown , i have had forgotten his name .
 it has always happens with people , does n't ?
 try to ask who invented the or will the book .
 change - bourg , tuesday 00th june .
 dear mrs smith ,
 it is with great regret that i hear of mr brown 's illness , and hope to see him soon in an excellent health .
 nevertheless , i am both pleased and honred you to expect your group in the context of our international meeting .
 we have made arrangements for you to stay at the pace hotel .
 furthermore , since it is located between the airport and our location , a bus shutting has been organised to pick all our guests from the hotel to the concomence room .
 the end of the condence party is to be held at the room room room ' of the hotel , which has an outstanding reputation for its quality and serious service .
 therefore , all guests will be asked to wear the corresponding clothes in order to be accepted .
 as for the three hours of free time , i strongly suggest you check - in your lugages at the airport and then , after a five - minutes bus ride , spend your time in the marvellous old ' city .
 best regards ,
 my fair mobile phone .
 technological revolution taking place today can be directly linked to the amazing evolution of our communication abilities throughout those last years .
 the inevitable invention symbolizing this aspect in our ordinary life is , of course , the mobile phone .
 it is clear and irrefutable that the use of this invention has becomed a necessary condition in some professional activities .
 trades , politicians and taxi driver are but a few exples of such needs .
 however , the common man seems to ignore how important and useful a mobile phone becomes , when in the hands of a high - school student .
 it becomes then a real obsion for the average students , as eases it before the lessons , during the lessons , during lessons , during lunch and , especially , during examinations ...
 nevertheless , it is also a common mistake to believe that so the purpose of such an usage is to communicate information during an exam , since its major role is actually to allow the student and the parents to discuss during every day 's courses .
 bottom is that any teacher complaining about this situation should confiscate not the student 's phone , but his parents ' !
 dear mrs. smith ,
 i have just received the letter from you and i 'm writing to you as soon as possible .
 i can promise to you that i 'll do my best to help you .
 you told me that you are the lead of a group of students this year , because mr. brown is ill .
 poor mr. brown , i hope he will get better soon .
 as i 've just checked the group has been booked into the pace hotel .
 the best way to get from the concerning the conducted is coache that i have arranged for you .
 the driver mr. olsson works for us since .
 he will pick you up at 00 o.m. the concerning ofference is from 00 o.m. at the end of conference is a party from 0 o. to 0 o't to 0 o.o .
 i suggest you wear comfortable and nice clothes because i have planned a sightseeing for you before your plane at 0 p.m. i 'd like to show you a museum , a gall and the gard that are belonging to the pace .
 then we can have a rest of the caffe and talk before your flight home .
 i think i will give you all the important information .
 i hope to see you all soon ,
 yours sincerely ,
 nowadays motories is one of the most important inventions .
 as you look amgy everybody has a car or motorcycle .
 no matter that people started worried about polution in the world .
 let me to tell you , how invention of motorcy affected my life .
 i love myclubs and i do n't think i could live without them .
 i drive mycle since i was 00 year 0000 .
 me and my brother we used to go to the rock concerts .
 we have met a lot of people there are some mad about motorcy as we were .
 we were availing rags and trips .
 we were driving myclubs few day befour finally we had got to mitting points .
 i really enjoy driving myoccle .
 people say that is dangerous , i do n't think so .
 when i drive is only me and my motoccle .
 before me and after are my friends that i like and trust .
 and around me nature that i can watch and enjoy while we shop fore camp .
 we can go to any place we like , avoid traffic and to full buses , trains , etc .
 i am really grateful for people who invented the first motoccle in the world .
 i feel very bad about that i do n't know who was it .
 on the other hand no matter that i feel very good about that because that invention has changed and affected my life area people i care about , has affected my life in a very best way .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you very much for your letter .
 as you asked me in the letter , i am very happy to help you with finding out details of the conference .
 the hotel that your group will be staying at the palace hotel .
 it is reasonably near the college , so it may be very good to walk from the hotel along river things following yellow signs on sunny days .
 if it rains , you can take bus 00 that stops in front of the college .
 the end of the condence party is designed to give rough ideas about many different cultures .
 so you will enjoy traditional foods , music , dances and games from all over the world .
 as a part of this , the lead of each group has to wear a costume of her country .
 other members of groups can wear a normal pretty formal dress .
 on the last day , i recommend that you will visit the place that is located at the centre of our city .
 it is about 0000 years old , so i am sure that you will find it fascinating to see it .
 yours sincerely ,
 can you imagine your life without any computers at all ?
 well , i am sure that you can hardly do this unless you are living deep in a forest or in a dessert !
 if you think how many computers we use every day and how dependent we are on them , it must be clear that invention of computers has been certainly had significant impact on all our lives .
 for example , all infastrastures such as transport and power stations are raning using computers uses them to organise all sorts of things in a country , and all kids of services and businesses such as hospitals and supermarkets them as them essons them service capitals .
 in other words , almost all aspects of our lives today rely on computers .
 so i am sure from this that it is convincerning enough to say that invention of computers is really important .
 from my personal experience , i can also say that a personal computer is also an amazing tool .
 it improves productivity of my homework that is often essaying , and also it allows me to access to the internet .
 since i live abroad , the internet is really useful for me to have a contact with my best boyfriend and to know what is going on my home country .
 to sum up , i can say that the greatest invention is the invention of computers that has affected both indivisuals and a society as a whole .
 dear mrs. smith ,
 i am writing in reply to your enquiry about this year the international conference .
 the conference will be held at the pace hotel on old street .
 there will be signs to follow from the central traination station .
 the concerning the conditioning on 00st june from 00.00 - 00.00 .
 light lunch will be provided .
 after the conference , there will be a relaxing party .
 there is no dressed - cody for the party .
 however , i suggest you could wear the same outfit as you wear for the conference .
 i included the local map , there are some ideas at the back of the map .
 please let me know if you would like to book one of the city - walk tours , we have arrange spacial discounts for the conference attendance .
 personly i recommend the dicken 's tour because it is a good length of walking and very historical .
 i hope that i have covered all the information you would need and look forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 p.s. please find the enclosed map .
 there are several interesting buildings in the city of london .
 i believe liverpool street is at the top the list .
 the building itself looks grand and elegant .
 despite the fact that this building has served half - a million commuters in a day , it always clean and function .
 there are two parts of liverpool street station that make it so interesting building .
 the newly decorated section is fairly modern style with escalors and touched schedule ticket machine .
 it is also very well linked in the old underground station which it is such a contrast information .
 the old bit is rather unique and charming .
 you could really imagine how it looked like in the old day .
 there is another surprising section in this buildings .
 at the far back of the station is also connected to a spacious well designed putting park .
 it is a good example of a great architecture that was designed to provide services to the public .
 finally , it is in the heart of the city and everyone would be able to find without doubt .
 00 june 0000
 dear mrs smith
 thank you for your letter dated 0 june 0000 .
 i hope i can give you the information you need .
 so the conference will be a great experience to you and your group .
 your group will stay at the pace hotel .
 the pace hotel is situated in the town centre next to the railway station .
 a free shutt - bus gets you to the condence - centre .
 the bus leaves at 0 a.m. at the front entrance of the hotel .
 the end of the condence party is playing in a rent and in the greenground .
 there will be a barbecue , a place to dance and many more .
 it is a surprise !
 i suggest wearing leisure - clothes to the party .
 the last afternoon you could go on a city - to visit the museum of fine arts or enjoy the beautiful flul garden next to the common .
 i hope i could give you some ideas . i look forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 what would life be without the phone ?
 have you ever thought about a world without anyone phone ?
 how was it in the 00 century with no opportunity to communicate by phone and how it would be now ?
 i can not imagine how our life would be .
 we are living in a busy world .
 in business the world you use the phone all the time to speak with your clients , to make appointments , to order an article etc .. ; then time is money !
 how has the phone affected my own life ? i think that is a good question to think about . i could not call my friends from another city and just say " hello " .
 it would be difficult and take more time to make an appointment .
 so , what did the phone - revolution for us ?
 it saves time .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i 'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me for help .
 i hope i will be able to give you the information you need for the group of students who are coming to the conference .
 firstly , the palace hotel is waiting for you and your students .
 the best way to get from the college where the conduct will take place is simply to walk .
 actually , the college is situated 000 meters away from the hotel .
 as you know , the conference will be followed by a party .
 it will begin at 0 p.m and last until late in the evening .
 you do n't need to worry about what you should wear to this event .
 in fact , the purpose of the end - conducted party is to relax after a busy day , therefore you and your students can put jeans and sport shoes on .
 to conclude , we decided to organize a guided tour by coach , as you have an afternoon free before your plane takes off .
 i hope the international student conference will help to know each other better and that it will be a success .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear sir or madam ,
 i 'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me information in an interesting building to visit .
 there is so many places of interest in lausingurposs , but i think that the omply museum is the most not for the following reasons :
 the ompic museum from the 00th century and is the biggest europe .
 it shows all the different sports men have been doing since the first ompic games in greece .
 you can see the evolution of sports and understand why changes gradually have been done to improve them .
 you can admire every kind of equipment you need to do any particular sport .
 you will be informed about the story of sports in general and about the new technologies which are used nowadays high competitions .
 the museum is near the city centre and is access by bus or walking .
 it will take you an afternoon to visit it and then you can enjoy a drink or a meal in the restaurant on the third floor , well - known for being one of the best establishment in lausing .
 i hope my recommendations will help you in the choice of a building to visit .
 yours faithfully ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i 'm writing in response to the letter we received from you , in order to let you know all the information you have asked for .
 first of all , your group has been booked into the palace hotel , the main road , which is situated not far from our college .
 i 'd suggest you walk , it will only take you about seven minutes .
 just follow main road until to reach a junction , where you turn right and then walk along den - a light road .
 the college is a huge , yellow building - you ca n't miss it .
 secondly , you have required information about the end - of conference party .
 it will begin at 0 o'clock p.m. and last until midnight .
 all the students will be provided with sacks and we have managed to book a band as well .
 the location of the party is n't fixed yet , but we will let you know after your arrival .
 there is no need putting on special clothes for the party , casual on should do it as well , for we want everyone to feel comfortable .
 last but not least i will give you some ideas of where to spend your free afternoon .
 i 'd suggest you visit our local museum , as there is a marvellous exhibition there at the moment .
 provided the weather is fine . you could also go swimming or make a tour through our beautiful town .
 ( i could book a guide for you if you 're interested )
 please write back or call if there is any more information you need .
 i 'm looking forward to meeting you and wish you all the best .
 yours sincerely ,
 the telephone , a blessing .
 who of you could imagine life without the telephone ?
 not being able to call your friend and ask if you can pop in for a moment ?
 not being able to lie to your mother - in law and pretend you ca n't attend her garden party because of an illness , without having to look her in the eye ?
 when alexander graham bell first invented the telephone , he had no idea of how popular it would be one day .
 its first appliance was in order to listen to a concert if you were not able to attend it in person .
 nowadays , however , the whole world is connected by a telephone system and no one can imagine life without it .
 take me , for example , i use it whenever there is a problem and i need some advice , or when i have to call a meeting for any reason .
 i can not always walk to the person and say " sorry , i must cancel our meeting " , because then it 's too late anyway , it is n't it ?
 life definitely would n't be the same without the invention of the telephone .
 we use it daily in order to get information order to pass it on .
 just try to spend one week without using a telephone at all , and you will see that it is impossible to do so .
 so do n't take the telephone for granted , but keep in mind that our modern way of life is mainly due to its invention .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i would like to thank you for your letter .
 i am sorry to learn that richard brown could not attend the connect .
 please transmit him my best wishes for his recovery .
 we have booked rooms for all members of your group at the pal hotel .
 it is a very cosing buying that is on the same available as the conference building , approximately an mile one mile away .
 there is a direct bus link between the two location : this is bus bus number six ; the bus station for the conference building is called " avue dear and the one at the pace hotel is named " main station " .
 concerning the party we do not have a casual dressing code .
 students usually wear dark clothes with a tie for the boys and a long skirt or dress for the girls .
 there are a lot of activities you can do during your free afternoon .
 i would like to suggest visiting the " ethnic museum , which is kind of unique in the world .
 looking forward to meeting you soon
 i remain yours sincerely .
 car :
 i think that the car is one of the human inventions that has the most affected the way of life of people from industrial countries .
 nowadays more than the percents of the world industry is related to the automotive business : the carufacturing , gasolf extra and refins , tyresentative recycling , and so on .
 the industrial countries have encountered deep evolution of their strictures since the car has been made available to everyone .
 at the beginning of the last century only a few very rich people could afford a car ; it was kind of leisure or sport to drive one .
 today almost everyone own cars and needs it for daily activities .
 the transport network has changed according to this social evolution .
 the increasing number of cars related and infrastructure are now creating problems .
 a lot of roads and motorways are overcrowded , and environment is more and related to the intens of cars and lorries .
 people and governments are concerned about how to lim the effects of cars on the environment without impacting their mobility .
 this will be a tough challenge for this new century .
 dear mrs smith :
 my name is juniper , i am helping to organise the conference in the college .
 i received your letter the other day and i am writing to answer your questions .
 the group has been booked into pace hotel which is not very far from the place where the conference will be held .
 you can take the no bus from the hotel to the conference , it only takes takes ten minutes approximately .
 as for the end of conference party , it will be on the morning of the last day starting at 0:00 .
 all the students and staffs will join together in the hall .
 they can play games and talk about personal experience .
 the main charim of it is to deep the friendship among all these pupils coming from all over the world .
 so it would be fine if you wear casual clothes and look smart .
 i have made arrangement for the afternoon on the last day for you .
 if you are free i will show you arround our college .
 you can visit our new - built science lables as well .
 i 'm sure you would acquire a lot of knowledge there .
 i 'm looking forward to meeting you .
 best wishes .
 best choice
 welcome to london .
 you asked me for an interesting building to visit .
 in my opinion , i 'll recommend british museum .
 one of the reasons is you can learn almost everything about british history there .
 the museum looks very old as some other buildings in london , but it is very modernside .
 after going through the enormous door , you can see a huge white round building which is a library .
 a lot of famous people have been to this library before !
 brit british hall is on the first floor , not far from the library .
 it shows a large number of valuable things .
 almost each one tells you a story or gives you a picture about british history .
 i 'm sure all the students will gain a wonderful lesson !
 apart from the national story , there are more content about the past of the world .
 you can go to many sections such as hall , eygy hall , europe hall and so on .
 countless fascinating things will definitely take you the whole day appreciate .
 after a visit to british museum , you will be certainly able to put your history teaces advertisement !
 also you do n't have to pay any money for it , and the transport is extremely convenient , therefore , the british museum is your best choice . do n't hesitant any more any more !
 dear mrs smith .
 i am writing to you to give you the information about the concern .
 the hotel your group has been booked into is called paceal hotel .
 it is simple to find the way from this hotel to the conference .
 you only need to cross the street in front of your hotel .
 there you will find a modern building with two different doors a red and a blue one .
 you are asked to take the blue door .
 after entering you will see the conducted conference room .
 we organized a end of conference party on the day before your departure .
 everyone is welcome to join this party to get to know each other in a good atmosphere .
 you should wear nice and comfortable clothing .
 this is an informal party .
 i suggest you visiting the old part of zurich or going to the zo before your departure .
 i am looking forward to meeting you at the conference .
 if there is any question left , please contact me .
 yours sincerely ,
 the most important invention
 i love baking cakes , cockies and breads .
 baking is passion and in the town i live i 'm known for making the best cakes in area .
 it does n't matter in what kind of mood i am , i can do it all the time and it makes me feel good .
 but i could n't bake without an oven .
 i 'm so grateful for this inventions which allows me to live my passion .
 i think the oven is one of the most important inventions .
 if there is someone who does n't agree with me , or she should try to live one month without using the oven .
 besides that she or she should look carefully into what he or she buys .
 i 'm positive that after such an experience everyone says that the oven is a really important invention for our lives .
 i 'm thanking the person who invented the oven .
 thank you !
 dear mrs. smith ,
 i am writing in reply to your letter .
 i am sorry about rich brown .
 and i understand that you need help , so that i will help you as far as i can .
 firstly , the hotel which having been booked for you is pace hotel that it was located to the condence .
 in order to get from the hotel to the conference , you just need to take the bus we will offer .
 secondly , the end of conducting party will take place in the same hall as the conference at 0 p.m. , which includes dinner and an advertisement by the president of the condence .
 the party is arranged as a casual party , therefore , you can wear comfortable clothes . you can expect to meet many students from other schools as well .
 finally , if you want to have an exciting experience in here , i strongly suggest that you go to the musicals .
 as you may hear , our city is well known for the musicals .
 or if you want to relax , you can take a walk in the park situated in ten minutes distance on foot from the hotel .
 whatever you choose , you will be satisfied with your choice .
 if you have more questions about the concerning something else , not do hesitate to ask me . i would be glad to be able to help you .
 yours sincerely ,
 some inventions are not regarded as great things even though the life without them can not be imagined .
 people do not have the impression on important inventions any more , because they have been getting more popular and common .
 however , there is something which is still believed that it was an extreamous important invention .
 this is electricity invented by edison .
 from my opinion , the reason why electricity is such an important invention is that most of machines , appliances and equipment which are used in modern times can be operated with only electricity , which makes people not too much physical lably .
 what is more , many inventions have been accelves by electricity .
 in my life , i use electricity in many different ways .
 at night , i can study because of it , and also it savy my time which would be used up for doing housework such as laundry , cleaning rooms and ironing .
 it makes my life more convenient than without it .
 to sum up , although people do not feel that electricity is a great invention any more , the fact that electricity is one of the most important inventions in the world will not be changed .
 00th june 0000
 dar mrs. maria smith ,
 i am very glad to help you with the international student conference .
 i hope that our friend rich brown does n't have any serious willness .
 reference , where is the conference .
 this will be in the cino hotel and we do n't need to worry for the best way because in all the main routes in devporton have signs with correct way to the popular hotel .
 after finish the conference , there is a party in same hotel .
 in this party there are ; some foods , soft drinks , music and a special place for dancing .
 this party is for the students so the kinds of clouthes wo n't be so formal .
 on the day free before catch our plane .
 we could choose two options for spending our free time .
 one is a guide tour on the centre city city , and another is visiting the chocolate factory .
 please , if you have any more question , please call me 0000 .
 yours sincerely ,
 i can live without this .
 it 's true .
 in our lives , may be , could n't be without electricity .
 some people can live without this , but i am sure that the world would be very different .
 when we are using different equipment in our houses , we are using the electricity .
 small things but very importants in our lives .
 for example : t.v. , computer , just light and a long list that now i can not write .
 i do n't like tinking , my house of my life , without all these facilities .
 in the winter when it is dark very early , and after , i need to spend my free time in home .
 what i can do without my music and my computer .
 now , just you need to think that you would do or what would happen in a city , with a car , aeroplan , shops , all these things without lights .
 finally . i think that everybody know that the electricity is very important invent and for me it is the best .
 dear mrs smith ,
 thanks for your last letter and i am sorry for not giving you enough information .
 we have already booked a 0 stars hotel - pace hotel , which is near the river thames , in walton - on third .
 it is not far away from the station so we will go there by train .
 the end - conduct party will be held in an india restaurant , which is next to the hotel .
 it is surposed to be held during 0 pm to 00 pm .
 also there are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and discos is also provided .
 you can wear anything you like , we would like you to be just yourself and have fun .
 as you know , our area is quite famous and lots of people come and visit it every year .
 there are so many things to do , unfortunately , there is just 0 hours .
 i recommend the high street in the centre of our area because it is quite good for shopping .
 so you can buy gifts for your friends or families .
 i hope i have given you enough information and if you still have some doubts , please do not hestitate to contact us .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 nowadays , our lives is becoming better and better .
 lots of great inventions has been invented in order to make people live comfortablely .
 if you ask me which is the greatest inventions of all , i will say that it is the television .
 " televisions is just an amazing invention . " my good friend said that i agree with her .
 firstly , televisions makes us know more about the world without travel it all .
 if there are no televisions , we wo n't know what are the other countries like , or even what language they speak unless we go to that country .
 secondly , for some points , it can educate young children .
 many tv programmes are especially made for children , such as " learn me " and " be good to others " .
 actually , they are quite good programmes and helped me know what i should do generally or how to behave nicely when i was still child .
 the last but not least , it is a good kind of entertainments .
 maybe you will think that playing basketball , going to cinemas and disases are much better that stay at home sitting in front of an object .
 however , televisions can bring you the fun that other activities ca n't .
 if sometimes i do n't want to go out and i do n't want to be lonely , that 's easy , just turn on the television and enjoy myself .
 however , everything has its advantages and disadvantages .
 personally , i do think televisions is the most important invention .
 dear mrs. maria smith .
 i got your letter this morning and i am very pleased to give you some information .
 as i know , he booked the pace hotel in downtown .
 when you go to the conference , you can take a bus or a taxi .
 but if you have enough time , i would like to recommend walk .
 because there are a lot of beautiful trees and you can see the sea .
 and also it takes just fifteen minutes .
 i think everybody can enjoy it .
 by the way the end of convenient party is a kind of fairwell party .
 there will be three parts .
 the first part , the chairman and a few guests will have a speech and the second part , the participacients will evalate themselves , and the last part it will provide dinner and drinks .
 it will be not too formal party .
 so you can wear what you like .
 moreover , i would like to recommend ' city tour for three hours .
 everybody enjoy themselves .
 it is £ 00 and there is a reason for groups .
 i hope it will be a good trip for you and if you have any problem , you can contact with me any time .
 and have a nice time in my town and send my regard to richard .
 yours sincerely ,
 nowadays there are a lot of inventions around the world , and they make us more comfortable and convenient .
 moreover we can not live without them .
 for example : electricity , computer , telephones , boat , and car ( wheel ) etc .
 none of them are unimportant for us .
 but i think the invention of electricity is the most important thing among them .
 if you look around at home , there are a lot of electric things .
 electricity could be able to invent other things .
 it also gave us more free time , especially for women .
 it has absolutely reduced women 's our house working time .
 evenore we can enjoy our night with lights .
 if we want to do something , we can do it at night as same day .
 finally the quality of our life is changed by electricity .
 it could reduce our working time and make us enjoyable .
 it is also advancing more and more .
 it will give us better future !
 have you ever imagined that you would drive electric car !
 00 , june , 0000
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter about the international student conference .
 here are answers for your questions .
 you will stay in the pace hotel , which is situated in front of the railway station , camberifesty .
 to get the condence , you catch the coach no coach from the station and get off at the camber college bus stop .
 it takes 0 minutes from the station .
 when you get here , just turn to the left and you will find the stadium where the conference will be held .
 the end - conduct party will be held at the cafeteria in the college , which is next to the stadium .
 it starts at 00 p.m. and ends at 00 pm .
 we will prepare traditional english meals and some students from foreign country will prepare their ethic foods .
 there is a museum next to the cambery station , which has good collect of paintings and potteries , and it would be a good place for you to spend your free time .
 instead , there are a lot of shops around there , you can buy souvenirs .
 i am looking forward to meeting you .
 yours sincerely ,
 to : student from the united states
 from : juli
 the aim of this report is to describe the hunated castle in camberifest .
 place
 this castle is situated in the centre of the town and surrounded by woods .
 inside of the cleas always dark even on daytime .
 story
 it is 000 years old , and it is said to be hunted by a lady gosthost .
 she appears occur opens every window in the castle .
 it is believed that she was a nanny who worked there and fell out of the window .
 people said she was seeing something and still seeking even if she had read for 000 years .
 conclusion
 the gost story may not be true , but it has good furniture of 00th century , and the castle itself is very beautiful .
 i think it is worth while see .
 i hope you 'll enjoy visiting there .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i have received your letter this morning .
 i am sorry to hear that rich is ill and is unable to attempt the conference ; i am glad that you are able to be the lead of the group .
 i hope that these information below is very useful to you , during your attempt conducting .
 i have booked a hotel not far off from our school .
 the hotel is called epoms down hotel .
 your plane will arrive in england by 0:00 .
 there will be a coach waiting for you , and the driver will be next to the information desk .
 you should arrive at the hotel by 00:00 .
 you will than an hour checking check and unpack all your luggage .
 the condence will start on time at 00:00 , so i would suggest you leave hotel by 00:00 .
 the best way to get to the concerning is to follow along the roadage and turn to left toward the end , you than keeping straight , you will eventually see the main entrance of the collage .
 when you get into the college you can just ask any boys in the college where to go from then .
 they all knows where the conference is and when .
 at the end of the conference , we will have a party .
 the party is to let all the students to know each other better .
 the party will be in the dance hall next to the conference room .
 i will suggust them wear formal clothing , as in tie , trousers and blaser .
 for the afternoon free time on the last day .
 there are a wide variety of choices that they can do .
 they can play tennis , do athletics , swimming ... and many other sports event in our school , if they want to .
 or they can also visit the epom town .
 there are shops which sales clothing , foods , and books ... they can decide what they want to do it , it 's entirely up to them .
 i am looking forward to seeing you and hope you have a safe flight over to england .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear group leader ,
 welcome to taiwan .
 this report is based on an interesting building , where you can take , for your students to visit .
 this building is situated in tapeipe , the capital .
 the building is called chiangi - she momerial hall .
 nearly everyone knows where these building is , so if you have a chance , just ask the local people in tape about this building .
 the momerial hall is surrounded by large playgrounds .
 as you go into the main hall , you will see a huge start of chatting stuge , she keged this is because the building is the remember of how well chiangian did in history .
 the statue is about 00 feet high .
 next to the statue is protected by the guards , the guards will change every hours .
 apart from the main hall , there are also lots of other gallies .
 in these gallies there are historical paintings , antique furnitions which chiang used .
 these treasure are very old , even older than the history of america .
 all these treasures were brought over to taiwan by chiang during the defeat in china .
 they are all been looking after .
 as well as all the treasures , statue and historical paintings ...
 there are also restaurant and modern gallen't .
 when you are tired after looking around you might want to buy drinks or something to eat , or if you are fed up with historical things , you might only as well as just into the modern gallery to see things which are modern more .
 finally , if you went to visit this building i will recommend you to stay at a hotel not far from the momerial hall called hypress hotel .
 it only take about five minutes if you walk .
 i hope you will all have a great time in taiwan and i hope you will enjoy the building .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i have received your letter dated in the 00th june 0000 .
 i am very happy to help you and i hope that the information , that i am going to give you , will be enough .
 the international student conference will be in the pace hotel in lausanne .
 the hotel is a big building in the middle of the town near the place " style group " - franis " .
 and the name of the street is " grand - chnee " .
 you can not miss it .
 after the concerning we are going to stay in the palace hotel but instead to stay in the conference room , we are going to move to the reception room where dinner will be prepared for us .
 afterwards , a live band are going to play the rest of the night .
 for the clothes , you have to wear something smart and class .
 if you want to stay in lausanne during your afternoon free , the best thing to do is to go to ouch .
 there , you can enjoy landscape and have a sunbath .
 yours sincerely ,
 ompreque museum
 the aim of this report is to give further information on an interesting building to visit in lausanne .
 it is based on my own experience .
 why the ompic museum .
 the ompique museum is situated near the lake and offer , for the tourist , an unbelievable view on the mountains and the lake .
 but also , the museum have a lot of gardens with several statues .
 besides , the architecture of the building is beautiful and very modern .
 first of all , the main interest of the museum is the ompic history .
 you can find a lot of documentary about it and you have several competitors personal objects .
 in addition , you can play with several interactory game and learn about the rules of the ompic games .
 reasons of recommendation .
 the principal reason is the cheapest price .
 you pay only frong for the entry and you can stay in all the time that you want .
 on the other hand , if you are more than 00 people , you can have a group price and pay only for 0 frs peron .
 it seems that this solution might be the best way to visit this museum .
 conclusion .
 to sum up , the ompics musical is a very attractive place and could be a good trip with your family or your student group .
 therefore , if you want to learn something about the ompic games , it must be the best place for this .
 dear maria ,
 i 'm so happy to help you for this international student conference .
 i 'm afraid for richard .
 could you please tell him my best wishes of health ?
 i 'm sure you can perfectly replace it to lead your group .
 first , you should know that you are booked into the paly hotel that it is one of the best in the town .
 the acccess to the conduct place is very easy .
 first of all , you must walk down to the central street until you arrive at the bus stop , then you take college at the college number that go directly to the college .
 after the conference , there is a great party that is organised by friends .
 it starts at twenty o'clock until the end of the night , so be ready !
 there is no special them for the wearing style but it should be more fun if you wear something crazy ...
 finally , i propose you to go to the new college swimming at the last day afternoon .
 every body will go there .
 i hope you will have fun !
 yours sincerely
 hello ,
 i will give you some information in the yverdon 's castle .
 this building is one of the old - that stays in the landscape of the town .
 i think its important seeing it when you come there because it shows us how the town had been developed around it since its create .
 those days , the cast is remember , so there is a lot of construction in english .
 that 's not a big problem because there is a complete museum in it where you can see old pictures of the castle during the centuries .
 there is a lot of old items that were in the kingults family .
 you should have probably heard about the mummy who sleeps there for two thousand years .. you can see it in the dunge .
 so you can visit everywhere you want without a guide .
 i hope you will enjoy the visit and i wish you a nice holiday in ydon .
 best regards ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i will try my best to answer the questions .
 first of all , we have already booked the five - stars hotel for your group .
 it is a modern hotel near our college , and it is also very convenient to come from the airport . you can take both by buses or taxies .
 the now 000 bus stars from the airport , than you can get off from " college " stop .
 it would be a great chance to tark part in the party for everyone .
 this is just a relaxing party , just for the members have a chance to relax and make friends .
 so i think you 'd better to wear a dress .
 finally , about the free three hours , my personal prefer to go shopping .
 our city has the biggest shopping centre in south england , there are gathers so many shops .
 it worts times and money on that .
 i look forward to seeing you !
 yours sincerely
 nowadays people have become used to watching televes to the programme every day .
 the tv is so important that you can see it in every family , and it is a essential equipment for everyone .
 first of all , in my opinion , tv has a great education functions , and also makes the world become small .
 you can just sit at home then you can know what is happening all over the world at the moment .
 i would rather watching the news on tv in stead of reading in newspaper or hearing on radio because the news on tv are vidivid .
 moreover , the tv is a great company for the people who live alone or feel alone . i would like to open tv when i stay at home .
 someone are talking , laughting , crying on there , so join them , you will feel much better than just yourself .
 some tvs are enjoyable !
 however , tv also has some disadvantages .
 you might just sitting in front of tv for hours learn nothing , or no more talk with your family .
 i think this is the bad influence in the society .
 in clucion , the tv both advantages and disagtagtages , but on the whole advantages is greater than disadvantages .
 so , but on the whole , tv still is a wonderful and important inventioning in the world .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to you to give you more information about the international student conference .
 the group has been booked into king king king hotel at high street which is very easy to find .
 and the best way to get from there to the conday is following the rod in front of the hotel to the right , then cross the zebback crossing to the opposite side .
 after that walk to the right about 00 metres and you will find the conference place which is called white house .
 at the end of conference , we are going to have an international dinner as well as some shows from the students in my college .
 as this is a special conference so you could wear your own dress to present your country .
 finally , on the last day you could spend your free time to visit our town hall which you will be able to learn more about my area or do some shopping at high street .
 if you want more information , please contact me and i am looking forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mr. bill ,
 i am writing to give you information on a very interesting building to visit .
 it is called penrhy cast , as building will tell you all about wales .
 on the positive side , you and the group will be able to learn more about welevision art works which are presented on the wall , on the door and some furnitures .
 the building itself looks spendid and beautiful .
 on the other hand , you might find something which is very boring such as walking along the old wood wood floor which causes some noise .
 and some old toilets might look awful .
 but in my recommendation , i think it would be nice for the students to come and see this building .
 because they will be able to learn and compare with the place in their country .
 as wales this is not modern like america , so the students will probably get the idea of looking back to the old things .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mrs maria smith .
 i was really pleased to receive at your letter .
 unfortunately rich brown is ill but i can help you as much as i can .
 so , i 'm writing to reply to give all the information you asked for .
 firstly , we 've booked pal hotel , which is located in central .
 the best way to get from the hotel to the conference its using tube because it takes only 00 mininute .
 the tube is 0 room which is redour .
 and your speach would be better for the end of conference party .
 i 'd suggest you wear at least , semial wears such as a jacket with another clothes .
 finally , i give you some suggestions which could spend for about 0 hours in the national museum in my area .
 the museum can be helpful to understand our country 's history and art .
 i look forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 the most important invention in our life .
 some people might say the electricity more important than another things .
 it 's hard to say which is the most important invention .
 however , i 'd say computer is more amazing invention rather than another inventions such as the telephone , the car .
 recently computer is really necessary and we ca n't manage to work without them .
 not only is for bussing , but also in my life .
 for instance , when i want to contan control with to my friend , it 's quite helpful by using e - mail .
 before the computer had been invented , we could n't possibly have lots of information easily and we could n't contact with to foreign countries at the same time .
 and also it 's time to make new system which makes us use easier and more simple , so far more people can enjoy computer than before .
 despite amazing invention , some times computer makes big problem , such as millennium bug ( some people called " 0000 problem " ) , because the computer flexible enough like a human 's brain .
 however , computer is worthwhile to use our life until more covence machine will be invented .
 dear mrs. smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i am very pleased to give you the information you requested .
 we are holding the condence party at the roomal lyancaster hotel - bquaning room at 0.00 pm on sat .
 00 june .
 the nearest tube station is laster gate .
 as you know , we 've been working very hard all this term .
 so we 've decided at the end - of conduct party , we will have a buffet and a discos party .
 our students , then will get to know each other well .
 i would suggest everybody wearing a casual dresses .
 finally , i would recommend you and your group to enjoy shopping and sightseeing around oxford street and nearby .
 i look forward to seeing your group soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 to : the grouper
 from :
 re : the barbbur centre .
 as you requested which is the interesting building to visit . i would strongly recommend the barble centre building in the city .
 it located in the city and the nearest tube station is morategest station .
 the barb barb barbre built in 0000 .
 apart from banks and important offices .
 there are also world stock market exchange , an operation theatre , shopping arcades , books and records stores .
 it also held an international exhibition all year round .
 recently , the exhibition of africa just finished .
 the opening time starts from 0.00 am . till late at night when the theatre is closed .
 the building is huge with high technology and recent secret and a tight security .
 it up congred the building every year .
 the barb bar centre is a very important building in london .
 you and your group will visit one building which has so many places in this buildings .
 so that you can spend your time in one go .
 dear mrs maria smith
 thank you for your letter which arrived me this morning .
 of course it is a pity that mr. brown has been ill , but we are happy that you are coming now .
 you asked me which hotel the group had been booked .
 it is the pace hotel , about a mile away where the conference will take place .
 the best way to get there , is to take the bus number 0 .
 the bus stop is opposite the entrance of the hotel .
 you will leave the bus at , roy roally gardens " .
 turn and go straight to , baker street " at the need of this street there is the house number .
 this is our college .
 you wish to know all about , the end - conference concerning party .
 as far as i can see there will only be a little dinner and a group of young singers will surprise us by their songs .
 moreover you asked what to wear . do not bother .
 i would recommend you wearing some casual clothes , like a jeans , a blouse or a skirt and a jacket .
 donnot forget to wear a pair of comfortable shoes , because you will not have chance to change it .
 finally i am giving you some advice for what you could do for three hours .
 firstly we have a nice and interesting museum , it is located near the hotel .
 furthermore there is the zoo with a lot of different animals , located to win within five minutes .
 lastly there is also a very old and famous church , with many coloured windows .
 for further information please call me up . i hope you will have an interesting conference here .
 i am looking forward to seeing you
 yours sincerely
 the telephone a very important invention
 in my old childhood my mother said to me that when she has been a litte girl there has been only one telephone in the house where she had lived .
 it has been in her parents ' apartment .
 the neighbours had come into to make their calls and to get their calls .
 today nobody could imagine such a situation .
 in every household there is a telephone at least .
 there are a lot of advantages for it .
 firstly people are able to talk to person on every time . it is just for fun or also to discuss some important and relevant thins .
 moreover we always can call for helping to the police , to the hospital or to doctor .
 this could save life !
 another advantage is that all offices , films and industries could not further exist without it .
 of course there is also a big disadvantage .
 all people know this situation ; people want not to be interrupted , maybe they are reading a book , having a good talk or are having a little sleep ... then the telephone rings .....
 it is not an easy desire how to react now .
 being sincerely , most of us would go to the telephone .
 another point of disadvantage is that the mobile phones are ring . everywhere and on every time .
 in particular youngsters misele this kind of invention .
 to sum up this invention is one of the most useful things .
 it is always the same how people used it or not and how people handle it .
 dear mrs maria smith
 thanky for your letter , which arrived yesterday .
 i hope to give you all the information need and please , if you want more information or something is not clear , please do n't esitate to contact me again .
 the hotel is near the station and is called " grandpens placed " .
 when you arrived you take the train for guildford and after you have just across the road , in front of the station .
 it 's very comfortable hotel where you can find everything you need .
 from there to the conference you have to take the bus number 00 , that stop near the hotel and arrive in town centre .
 the conference is organised at the cival hall so it is very simple to found it .
 at the end of conference there is a party a perfect opportunity for your students meet new friends from all part of word and they could speak about their experience .
 i suggest that conference to wear something very comfortable but elegant , the organisation want to all boys wear jacket , the tie is not necessary .
 i do n't know what you can see three hours i think it is not enough but near the station there is a beautiful garden popular for its variety of flowers .
 if i found somenthing special to visit in three hours i call you .
 yours sincerely
 dear ser or madam
 it is very nice of you to come and visit my town .
 in that area there are a lot of things you can see and some interesting building to visit .
 the best building you must see is the cathed .
 it is the more important church in that area for its architure .
 it is somenthing very particular . its pavents made from many small pecised of wood , its windows with many colours , it is fantastic .
 it was built on the top of the hill and around there is only a huge field .
 you can arrive here wolking because the bus stops just on the bottom of the hill .
 but really you must see it , the position of the cathed give you a something special a big trangeeues .
 i hope you like it .
 i look forward to hearing from you
 best regards
 dear maria ,
 i hope that all the information you need would be answered satisfactories .
 first of all you have been booked at the pace hotel .
 secondly the best way to go from the hotel to the conference center is used to use one of the shutel buses we provide at this etcfect .
 they are going to leave at 0 o'clock .
 concerning the end conference party .
 it is going to take place in the same hotel , the palace hotel , we suggest casual dressing for this special event .
 finally , concerning your free afternoon , there are plenty of activities , but i suggest you , visit the caldaees which is a very special centre .
 if you need further information do not hesitate to contact us .
 yours sincerely
 dear jon ,
 in your previous letter you asked information about interesting building to visit in my country .
 there are plenty of church , catrals , and olds cots of .
 the church and the cathed are very interesting because of their different romics styles .
 i suggest you visit the first cathed the cathed of " leaving downgrmell " because it is the most emblematic building in the area .
 if you are interested by more moderns buildings which i can suggest you visit " calda " , which is a very modern best centre with a beautiful architecture .
 finally if none of my suggestion fitable with your expectations , let me knew more about what kind of buildings you are interested in and i 'll do all my best to find something more suitable .
 best regards
 june 00 , 0000
 dear mrs smith ,
 in replied to your letter , i will try to give you some advice .
 concerning the hotel , the group has been booked into the pace hotel .
 the conference will take place not far from the hotel so you will see inde indications to follow .
 for the condence , i suggest you wear a beautiful dress , because there will be important people of other colleages .
 at the end of the conference , all the students and leader will have a drink .
 to finish , if you have spare time , you could walk on the center of poiters which is very beautiful .
 i hope i given you enough details .
 i look forward to meeting you in the conference .
 yours faithfully ,
 the building called french " lereomphed pou " is a very surprising monument .
 it 's a modern building with an architecture that you ca n't see in other place .
 what is impressive on this building is the number of tubs that you can see outside and inside the building .
 on the pompid you 's centre , there are different expositions on different them .
 in general , there are paintings , videos and sculptures .
 this expections are often very attractive and they change every year .
 another good point , if you go there you will have an extraordinary view on the city .
 so if you visit paris , the pompid you 's centre is a very interesting to build visit , even if there are many others buildings .
 dear mrs smith .
 i am writing in response to your letter in order to give you some further information about the international student condence in our college .
 i would like to inform you that your group has been booked into pace hotel .
 it is situated in the centre of our town and it takes five minutes to get to the college , where the condence is going to be held .
 i think that the best choice for you is to take the 000 bus .
 the bus stop you should get off is called " the green man " .
 with reference to the end - conday party , which is going to take place on tuesday from 0:00 until midnight , i would like to make mention the dress cress .
 it is an evening dress for women and black trousers , a white shirt and a black bowie tie for men .
 lastly , i would like to give you some suggestions about way in which you can spend your free time in our town .
 i am strongly convinced that you should visit local science museum .
 also there is a very good shopping centre next to the museum .
 i look forward to seeing your concerning the conference and hope that you will have a good time in our town .
 yours sincerely
 as it is widely known , lots of different and important things were invented during the 00th century , nevertheless i believe that the most important one is the computer .
 it is a fact that the modern society have created the demand for the ability to cope with the vast amounts of information .
 taking it into consideration i would like to say that the computer is the priceless invention for an accounts , designers , engineers and so on and on .
 another point in favour is the opportunity to connect to the internet .
 it allows you to have all the necessary information " on your future " .
 also not least importantly is the role of computers in the process of production in factories around the world .
 on the other hand there are some disadvantages .
 for instance a lot of children nowadays replace their real life with the virtual world , which computers create .
 another drawback is that in industry computers replace people 's lab , which leads to the increasing of unemployment .
 to conclude i would like to say that the government goverments of all developed countries would n't have been so concerned about so - called " problem " if the computer had been so important for modern society .
 neuch next , 00th june 0000
 dear mrs smith ,
 i thank you for your recent letter .
 first , i would like to congratulate on your new responsibility , because of mr brown 's illness .
 i am give you with great pleasure all the details needed .
 your group is staying at the pace hotel , which is located directly in front of the bus station .
 to go to the conference of your hotel is really easy .
 you have to take the bus number and get off at " black " , which is the third stop .
 after the condition , at about 0 pm . a party is organised .
 during it , everybody will have the opportunity to met and talk to the speakers of the conference .
 food and beverages will available .
 after the cockt came , the band " zero one " is playing their famous songs .
 the clothes , required for the party are suits for men and cock dress dresses for women .
 before your departure , you will have time to visit the omply museum or to make a sightseeing tour in our city .
 i hope you will enjoy your journey in our city and look forward to meeting you at this concerning .
 yours faithfully ,
 report on the " paintings museum "
 in order to write this report , i spent hours in this wonderful museum .
 there , i saw the exhibitions and admired the building itself .
 i walked around the garden too .
 location
 the museum is located in ouchy , in front of the " delamelamur hotel " .
 it is closed to the main road , and at 000 meters of the station .
 outside
 the building is made of white stones .
 it has two floors .
 before going inside , you have to pas through the huge garden .
 there , ponds , pools , trees , flowers and ducks can be admired .
 i recommend you to take your swimmit , because in summer , it is allowed to swim in pools .
 inside
 when you are inside the museum , you will be impressed by the paintings on the walls .
 there were all painting during the war by nurses .
 if you go down a few steps , you will discover the ceilar .
 everything in this room is about wine .
 to learn the whole history of the building , there is a roomedicated dedomated to it on the first floor .
 i particularly recommend you to visit the " blue " room .
 everything in this room is blue , the carpet , the ceiling and even the door .
 according to the owner , it was a room where in the past people used to go when they were depressed .
 conclusion
 to sum up , i would like to add that this house is the most famous in our city .
 you should come and visit it for the paintings or for the building itself .
 you wo n't be disappointed .
 the only negative point is that you have to pay 00 francs to visit the house and the garden .
