 dear mrs smith ,
 i am sad to read about richard not being well .
 i hope that he will recover soon and that he will make it to our conference .
 as far as the organisation is concerned , an adequate number of double rooms with shower or bath have been booked for your group at the palace hotel , located across the main street from the train station .
 to come to our college , you can either walk downhill to the lakeside ( about 00 mins ) or take the new cable car from the train station .
 the college is just steps away from the bottom end .
 the end - of - conference party will take place on a boat cruising on the lake .
 it will start with a speech from the director of the conference , followed by a meal .
 the recreational part will begin at 00 pm with a short musical comedy performed by some of our students and end with fireworks launched from the roof of the college at 0 am .
 as nights may be cold at this time of the year , may i suggest that you take with you a pullover .
 apart from that , there is no recommendation as to what to wear .
 depending on the interests of your students , i would suggest that you visit the internet site of the tourist office : www.neuchatel.ch .
 yours sincerely
 ' where are you ? '
 is very often the first question that you will be asked when answering the phone .
 why ?
 because somebody has invented the most popular communication device ever .
 the mobile phone .
 once heavy , expensive and not reliable , the new mobile phone fits in almost any pocket and is given away by the operator to attract new customers .
 due to the mobile phone ,
 communication has changed , not improved .
 of course it allows us to be reached everywhere ( even in places you would n't want ) .
 for rescue teams , it is a great help .
 but is n't it a handicap outside professional life ?
 should n't people communicate with those they are next to instead of calling someone 0 miles away ?
 it is not rare to see two people walking side by side , both talking on the phone .
 would n't it be better to prepare the shopping list instead of dialling home to ask which salad to buy ?
 the mobile phone is a marvellous invention , but as with cigarettes , we should write on it :
 caution : use of this device may damage your brain .
 dear mrs smith
 i am writing to reply to the letter you wrote to me on 00 june .
 firstly , i would like to tell you that the group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is located beside the congress house in the centre .
 you can make contact with mrs brackenbury using the number 00 0000000 .
 secondly , the best way to get from the hotel to the conference is to take the bus , which has been specially organized by us .
 the bus leaves at 0:00 every morning and gets back to the hotel at 0 o'clock in the evening .
 of course there 's also a number 0 bus , in front of the hotel , which is also suitable , but it leaves only every half an hour .
 the end - of - conference party , which will be in the evening on 00 june , is going to be held on the coast .
 beside the barbecue , there will be some well - known student bands from our country playing music through the whole night .
 what 's more is that there 's a latin music band coming to make the party more colourful .
 it will play from 00:00 to 00:00 , while the students can enjoy it with dancing .
 the main events of the party will be at about 00:00 in the night .
 as you see , what to wear is just something casual .
 finally , on the last afternoon , we could visit the museums and markets ( we have a very interesting robot - market ) .
 basically it 's free time for the students to look round here by themselves .
 i hope your questions have been answered appropriately .
 i 'm looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 computer life
 nowadays computers can be found in almost every corner , in offices , in shops .
 there 're even computer chips in cars and washing machines .
 how have computers affected our life ?
 first of all , the efficiency of society has been improved .
 when shopping , we do n't need to wait for the cashier to take every article 's note by hand .
 when booking a flight , we can just make a phone call to any agency , and get it done in one minute .
 secondly , instead of looking up tons of books to get the information that we need , we can very easily search for it on the internet or on the local network .
 it 's very often heard that someone who has a rare illness has had an operation at a foreign institute which he found via the internet .
 moreover , with computer networks , it is possible for people to work from home , making projects , controlling operations or having conferences .
 lastly the way of communications has also changed .
 instead of traditional telecommunications , we can talk by , e - mail or even see each other with the help of a computer network .
 of course there 're also some aspects in which computer technology needs to be improved .
 for example , reading on the screen is still not as comfortable as reading on paper .
 a very important and severe problem is reliability and security .
 so far , it is still somehow not safe enough to completely rely on computers .
 in conclusion , computers have become a necessity in our life , and it 's still a young invention , which needs to be improved .
 dear maria
 first at all , i am sorry about richard 's illness .
 please remember me to him and give him my best wishes .
 concerning your request , i 'm going to give you all the information that i think you will need . however , you can call me if you consider it necessary . ( my phone number is 0000 0000 . )
 your group has been booked into the palace hotel .
 because it is a well - known hotel it should be easy to find it .
 moreover , it is really well located so it will allow you to move around the city without any problem .
 more importantly the conference is going to take place in the exhibition centre , which is located only five minutes ' walk from the hotel .
 we haven't asked for any special clothes so i would wear casual and comfortable clothes , although you can come well dressed , if you feel better that way .
 after the conference we are going to have an informal dinner with a previous snack time in order to introduce ourselves to each other .
 finally , in my opinion , you should visit the art gallery .
 it will take you two or three hours but it 's a gorgeous place .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 " sagrada familia " , a real holy building .
 if you are looking for a special building in barcelona , which you will like whatever your tastes are , you should visit the " sagrada familia " .
 among the large number of choices , this unfinished church offers a gorgeous view from the top of its towers , a charming story and one of the most representative examples of catalonian modernist art .
 gaudi conceived of this church in 0000 , though it was n't until 0000 they started to build it .
 since the beginning the work has been interrupted at different times and started again .
 after gaudi 's death it was critical stop which was fortunately solved three years later .
 nowadays , hard work is being done in order to finish it as soon as possible .
 the visitor can wander around the whole building or follow a guided tour .
 there is an exhibition room where maps and plans can be consulted .
 and , unless you suffer from a heart problem , you should climb the 000 steps which carry you to the top .
 there you can enjoy a terrific view . not only will you see almost all the city but also you will discover another perspective of this magnificent building .
 dear mrs smith
 as you know , i am in charge of organising the conference in my college . do not worry if richard did not leave you all the information .
 i am pleased to help you .
 we looked at every hotel in town , trying to give you the best offer .
 we found two good hotels and we decided on the palace hotel .
 this has the best price that we could find .
 on the conference day our school driver is going to pick you up at the hotel and take you to the conference .
 the party is going to be in a local discotheque near the college so the best way to get there is to walk .
 you do not have to wear any special kind of clothes but in my opinion you can wear very casual clothes .
 finally , on the last day i suggest you go to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around .
 yours sincerely ,
 introduction
 the aim of this report is to recommend you to visit the fuerte de san diego museum .
 this is a historical building .
 i asked some people in town and this was the best place to choose .
 history
 the fuerte de sandiego museum was built at the time when the spanish people were trying to take all the lands from mexico , one of the most important people who was at front of the fuerte was hernon cortez , the first spanish in have more lands than anyone at that time .
 place
 the museum is situated in front of the sea in the centre of acapulco .
 it is situated on the top of a little mountain in the " old " part of the city .
 you are able to get there by car or on foot and see everything which was made at that time .
 conclusion
 on the whole , this is the best building in acapulco for its history and reputation .
 it is the best place to go and it is easy to get there .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 as the leader of the conference - organisation , i 'm glad if i can help you .
 my hope is that nothing goes wrong .
 so you have to know more details about our conference .
 your hotel is called palace hotel and it is located in the city centre .
 as far as i know , this hotel is very comfortable .
 there is also a subway - station near palace hotel .
 our college is not very far away .
 you only have to take the subway - train .
 after three stations you have arrived at brooklyn street .
 when you come out of the subway you see our college .
 the conference starts at 0 o'clock and ends at 0 o'clock .
 the students have prepared a music programme for the end - of - conference party .
 there will also be an international buffet .
 so do n't eat too much before you come .
 and please do n't worry about clothes .
 there are not any rules .
 in our city there is a big adventure swimming park .
 i think you should visit water world on your last day .
 you will have a lot of fun , i can tell you .
 if you need any further information please call me .
 my number is : 000000
 yours faithfully ,
 the telephone is a very important invention , which has affected our lives .
 it is a way for people to communicate although they are in two different places .
 people use the telephone every day and it is one of the most important things in daily life .
 in my opinion people need a telephone .
 for example a telephone is very important in professional life .
 nowadays , there are no companies which do not have a telephone .
 also it is good for people 's safety .
 you can call the police if you are in danger or the ambulance if you are injured .
 people also use the telephone in their personal life .
 for example , when you want to talk to your family or to your friends who live far away .
 another aspect is that people have more time if they have a telephone .
 they are able to give and receive information very quickly .
 this invention has made our lives easier and quicker .
 the telephone has also made my own life easy and quick .
 it makes something possible you can not do .
 finally , i would say that the telephone is very efficient for people .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to reply to your letter and to give answers to your questions .
 the group has been booked into the palace hotel , a five star hotel , which offers many facilities .
 it is famous for its friendly staff and comfortable rooms .
 the students can get there on the no 00 bus .
 they must get on the bus from the city centre and get off after five stops at palace station .
 the hotel is opposite the station .
 at the end of the conference , the college , in which the conference will be held , gives a party for all the students .
 they will be offered light food , like sandwiches , pommes frites , chips , sweets and different drinks - no alcohol .
 there will be live music and the students can dance and enjoy themselves .
 it would be better to wear casual clothes , because they are more comfortable and are liked by students .
 on the last day , the students can enjoy a sightseeing tour around the city , which can be arranged if the students want to .
 the group can also visit the zoo , the opera or stay and relax in the college 's enormous garden and enjoy the scenery .
 do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information .
 i am looking forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 to : group leader of american students
 from :
 subject : an interesting building to visit
 here is information about the castle in nyremberg
 location : the castle is in the city centre near an enormous church .
 you can get to the city centre on the no.000 bus and then go on foot to the castle .
 service : it is over 000 years old but it is kept in good condition by the local people , who are proud of this castle .
 activities : at the time of the year you will visit nyremberg , many theatrical plays or concerts are taking place in the castle .
 view : from the castle you can have a wonderful view of the whole town , especially at night when all the lights are on .
 it is a different experience .
 history : at the castle there are always a few guides , who will show someone around and tell him about the history of the castle ( when it was built , by whom and why ) , which makes everyone enthusiastic .
 recommendation
 i recommend visiting this castle , because it is interesting , marvellous and something different .
 it is the favourite place of all the tourists who visit nyremberg .
 nyremberg is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different experience and a lesson too .
 by the way , you can visit the
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing with reference to your last letter concerning the international student conference in our college .
 i will give you the information you have requested .
 first of all , we have booked the palace hotel for your group .
 this hotel is quiet and near the conference building .
 however , i would suggest going by bus from the hotel to the conference because this is the most convenient form of transport .
 furthermore , as usual , we will organise a party at the end of the conference , therefore , it would be great if your students wore a suit ( for a man ) or a skirt ( for a woman ) .
 furthermore , this party will be in your hotel as in the previous years .
 finally , there are a lot of museums in our town . therefore , i would suggest going to the frogs museum , which is really fascinating .
 do n't hesitate to contact me if you need any further information .
 yours sincerely ,
 from :
 for : the group leader .
 subject : aboriginal art museum .
 the aim of this report is to describe the biggest building of our town .
 i am in a position to choose a good building which students like myself are interested in .
 a ) this museum exhibits more than 000000 original art pictures .
 b ) the building was built in 0000 . therefore , it is an example of modern architecture .
 c ) this building is as high as the eiffel tower in paris .
 d ) this building includes 00 toilets , 000,000 lights , and also 000 people who can help you if you need any information .
 i would suggest this place because it is interesting to discover the oldest civilisation in the world in one of the most modern buildings .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i received your letter this morning and i would like to thank you for your interest in the conference .
 i hope i can answer your questions .
 first , this international student conference has the aim of explaining to students how important education is .
 in addition to this , we have chosen the luxury palace hotel , which is comfortable enough and in a good location .
 the palace hotel is located in the centre of the city , so you can come by train , by bus or by car .
 i suggest you should go by train and get off at museum station .
 the conference will be held in the hotel , which is so much easier .
 the conference , not being modest , is quite well organized .
 it will start at eight in the morning and will finish around five in the afternoon .
 i suggest you should wear something informal .
 even though we want to make things as comfortable as possible for our students .
 i am very happy that you want to know about my area , although i am afraid an afternoon is not enough .
 however , if you want , you can call me and i can show you some interesting places . i will be very glad .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 affecting our lives
 cars , boats , motorbikes , airplanes : who has never used them once ?
 this is a good question .
 people always seem to be running and the fastest of these inventions is certainly the airplane .
 at first , when santos dummont invented the airplane , he probably did n't think how people could transform his creation .
 in this world , where the nations fight to be the best one could n't be different , the airplane became the most important thing in the war .
 unfortunately , it was used to kill a lot of people .
 however , the invention of the airplane has brought us some facilities .
 how could a person go from brazil to australia without it ?
 maybe by boat , but it could take too long !
 the best way is definitely by air .
 with this invention travel around the world is so much easier .
 now , we have to say thanks and congratulate all the inventors who invented facility things for us .
 so , the airplane is definitely an important invention , because it has changed people 's lives in wars .
 now , it is important in the transport of thousands and thousands of people around the world .
 let 's congratulate santos dummont !
 dear mrs smith
 thank you for your letter .
 of course i will give you some more details about the student conference .
 first of all the hotel richard brown has looked at is the palace hotel .
 it 's located close to the main train station in our town .
 it is quite near the conference building .
 there will be extra buses to get there .
 the bus will pick you up right at your hotel entrance .
 the end - of - conference party will be a small dinner for all the students .
 you do not have to wear special clothes , just wear what you always wear .
 if you take your uniform with you it would be pleasant to leave it at the hotel and wear something else .
 there are many things you could do for this short time on the last day .
 you could visit our famous museum of art or go for a walk along the lakeside .
 if you want to do something for fun or entertainment , go bowling .
 if you have any further questions , just let me know .
 yours sincerely
 our church is a very famous building in our country .
 it is eighty metres long and its tower is forty - five metres tall .
 on the top of the tower it has a huge clock on each side .
 the tower is red and the church itself is painted white .
 in the church are many expensive drawings .
 there is space for about five hundred people .
 the church was built in 0000 .
 it was rebuilt in 0000 because of the second world war , when it had been damaged .
 the church is located in a place where you can see the whole rigi mountain chain .
 visit our church because it is one of the most famous churches in our country .
 it has an interesting past .
 the tower is absolutely marvellous .
 you can walk to the top of the tower and it gives you a beautiful view .
 if you want to visit the church , there will be a special guide who will show you all the things and answer your questions .
 entry is free .
 dear mrs smith , hello maria .
 in this letter you will get all the information that you need .
 the hotel that group has been booked into is the palace hotel ( on the victoria road ) .
 and you can catch the bus in front of the hotel to go to the college .
 it is four bus stops away .
 then walk straight ahead for five minutes . you will see the college .
 after the party , we will go to an entertainment area to have fun and we will eat in mc'donalds .
 the rest you already know .
 i suggest wearing shirts and jeans .
 and the last three hours before you return , we can go to the " imax " cinema to watch a 0-d film !
 afterwards we will eat in the kfc .
 then we will all take you and the students to the airport .
 that 's everything .
 i wait you .
 yours sincerely
 madrid is a big city and has many interesting places .
 but the best place for me is " la vaguada " .
 an entertainment and commercial building .
 in there , students can have fun in the recreation areas , can watch a film and eat all kinds of food and go shopping .
 we can have fun as well .
 and that 's why i recommend this place to you .
 the building itself is a large building .
 it is very safe as there are policemen and cameras .
 the building seems to be very new but it is quite old .
 people love this place and called it " madrid two " .
 around it , there are many restaurants and shops as the building attracts a lot of people .
 inside , there are fast - food restaurants and shops as well .
 and it is easy to get to .
 just take the 00 bus or the subway .
 in here , you can find everything that you want .
 hope you like it .
 00 june 0000 .
 dear maria smith ,
 i received your letter and i 'm happy to help you . we booked the palace hotel for your group . it 's nice and quiet .
 i 'm sure you 'll be fine here .
 we chose the palace hotel because it 's near our college , too .
 so you are going to get to the conference in a few minutes .
 when you go out of the hotel turn right and go straight on ; turn right again at the first crossroads .
 at the end of this street you can see our college on your left . it 's a green building .
 at the end - of - conference party there 'll be something to eat and to drink .
 in the big room where we 'll have the party , there 'll be some pictures of our college . you 'll see all the generations who passed through here .
 clothes are n't very important , but it 'll be fine if the people wear something different from the usual jeans .
 here we have a lot of great things to do , but the best you can do in about three hours is visit the art museum .
 we are all looking forward to seeing your group .
 yours sincerely ,
 television
 what would our world be without television ?
 it is n't easy to give an answer to this question .
 television is an important invention . it has given us a better means of communication .
 this animated box can give us a lot of information from all around the world .
 television has affected the " all days life , , , too . we can spend a lot of time enjoying ourselves with some programmes , all that we have to do is watch .
 and we like that , because it 's easier doing nothing than engaging ourselves in something that makes us do something .
 so television can be a positive or a negative invention . it depends on what use we want to make of this box .
 now we should be able to answer the introducing question .
 no , i do n't think so .
 television has become so important for us that we ca n't imagine that it could n't exist .
 dear mrs smith
 i am writing to answer your letter about the details of the international students conference .
 the palace hotel has been booked and you should first walk from the hotel to the town hall railway station , which is on the north city line , which is the yellow line on the map .
 after getting on the train , you should get off at the mountain station , which is twenty minutes away . it is opposite the conference venue .
 the conference which , will be held from 0 pm through 0 pm , is a formal party .
 you should wear formal clothes , and are going to play a game and enjoy a welcome drink together .
 before catching our plane , we will be able to enjoy going shopping around the airport for three hours in the afternoon .
 because there are so many unique shops and you should buy good gifts for your parents
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mr wolf
 i am writing to answer your question about an interesting building to visit .
 i would like to introduce one building in my town .
 " sky heaven " , which is the name of the building , is fifteen minutes from the centre of my town .
 this building has a hundred floors and it takes five minutes to go from the ground to the top in the elevator .
 there are many attractions such as a museum , an exhibition and many gift shops where we might also enjoy going shopping .
 the reason for my recommendation is that sky heaven is the tallest building in the world .
 you should go to the top of the building and enjoy an amazing view .
 another reason is that there is a good museum , which tells you about the history of my town so easily and clearly .
 it will be a good experience for your students .
 i hope you will accept my recommendation and am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am glad to help you with the organisation of the international student conference .
 the group has been booked into the palace hotel , and the best way to get from there to the conference is by tube . the location of the conference is then five minutes by foot .
 at the end of the conference there is a party , where we can eat something , dance and speak to each other about the conference .
 for the party i suggest you wear classic clothes ; maybe something black and not red or pink . i am going to wear classic black trousers and a white jersey - it might be that this information gives you some idea too .
 on the last day we are going to have about three hours ' free time .
 what do you think about going to the arts museum ?
 or we could go to hear a classic concert near the conference buildings .
 i hope that i have been able to give you some help .
 and i am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear morgan ,
 i am writing a report , in which i will describe for you the most important building in my town .
 the most important building of biasco is the , , casa cavalier pellanda " .
 it is the big old house of a rich lord in the middle of the town .
 in this house there is a big museum , where you can learn about the history of biasco .
 under the museum there is a big dark place , where the wine is produced .
 your american students could learn how the , , meriot ticinese " is produced and why it is so famous in tiano .
 i think that these suggestions could interest your students . also biasco , with its , , casa cavalier pellanda " , is the middle point of two tailes - leventina and blenio - and the middle point of two similar but also different cultures too .
 i hope that this information will encourage you to visit biasco and its , , house " .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i am sorry to hear that richard brown is n't well and hope he 'll get better soon . i am more than happy to give you the necessary information .
 your group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is only 0 miles away from our college .
 the college will arrange for a mini - bus to come and pick you up every morning at 0:00 , so you can arrive at the college around 0 o'clock and have some time before the conference starts at 0:00 .
 the reason we do n't suggest you walk from your hotel is that you 'd have to walk through a large building site which is not going to be suitable for a group of 00 students .
 as you already know , we are going to have an end - of - conference party where the head of the college will give a short speech at the beginning , then there will be a buffet and a disco .
 you do n't need to dress up smartly but please , make sure that your students do n't wear shorts or trainers .
 regarding what you could do in your free afternoon on the day you leave i would suggest you take the students to our history museum .
 it 's not very big but it has got some amazing information about the history of our town and their people .
 there is also a gift shop in there , where your boys and girls can buy some souvenirs for their families and friends .
 i hope i 've answered all your questions but if you need any more information , please let me know .
 i am looking forward to seeing you all soon .
 best regards ,
 in my personal opinion one of the most important and useful things which has been invented is the car .
 cars play a big part in our life .
 everywhere you look you can see cars .
 more and more people are learning how to drive and choosing to travel by car , because it saves a lot of time compared to travelling by public transport .
 cars are also more reliable than other types of transport .
 you do n't have to wait at a bus stop in cold and windy weather for a late bus , or be stuck on a train for an hour due to some track repairs . you can just jump into a car , tune your radio to your favourite station and have a pleasant drive to your destination .
 cars are even more important for emergency situations such as a fire in a house or if somebody is critically ill .
 could you imagine if our police , doctors or fire - fighters had to get somewhere quickly on foot ?
 i do n't think i need to comment on this .
 from my personal experience i realised how it 's important to drive a car when i was living in johanesburg in south africa .
 i arrived there with my family when my daughter was only 0 months old and i could n't drive at that time .
 johanesburg is a very dangerous place to live .
 i could n't just go for a walk , it was too dangerous .
 there was no public transport and i had to stay in the complex where we lived most of the time , and rely on other people to take me to a shop or the doctors or anywhere else .
 there i soon realised that i had to learn how to drive if i wanted some quality of life for my daughter and myself .
 since i passed my driving test i can not understand how i used to live without a car before .
 i use my car every day everywhere i go and i absolutely love it !
 00th june 0000
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to give you some information about an international student conference .
 first of all , the hotel which the group has been booked into is the princes hotel .
 it is very near york railway station , from which you can get there easily .
 by rail : get off at york station and you can walk from the station . turn left and the hotel is on your left - hand side .
 by bus : most of the buses in york city centre pass the station , or you can take a taxi .
 secondly , the conference is a very important event for all of us . we agree to wear formal dress .
 for example , men should wear suits , ties and so on .
 in addition , at the end - of - conference party , we also have a country dancing show .
 it could be very special because all the dancers are from our group .
 finally , on the last day we have an afternoon free .
 it would be great if we could go for a walk around the city of york and visit the historic buildings .
 if you could think of any other ideas that would be very kind of you . i will be pleased if my idea and all this information can help you .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 inventions have affected all our lives !
 nowadays , a lot of things are invented and make our lives more convenient than in the old days .
 a car is one of the inventions which are very useful .
 i think a car is very important to me because it 's very convenient for everyday life .
 for example , i can travel to a lot of places in the u.k. especially since i live in whitwell - on - the - hill ( a village near malton in north yorkshire ) .
 can you imagine how i could go shopping , go to college and so on if i had n't got a car ?
 in fact , there are buses ( number 000 and 000 ) which go past my village but the bus fares are very expensive for me .
 apart from that it takes a long time to go somewhere .
 the car has significantly affected my life .
 i can go anywhere by car a lot quicker than by using public transport .
 i can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to thai music , as i brought some cassettes with me from thailand .
 i took a driving - theory test last october and i passed it and i will take a practical driving test very soon .
 i think i have to drive the car myself , so that i will know more about the advantages of using a car .
 in conclusion , i think a car is very important to me and it has affected my own life .
 if i had more money i would buy another car . i think it has more advantages than disadvantages .
 so , we should say many thanks to the person who invented the car !
 dear mrs smith
 it was such a pleasure to receive your letter , and we will be extremely glad to see you at the conference we have been organising .
 let me give you some further information concerning the event .
 firstly i would like to inform you about the hotel we have already booked for you .
 it is called the palace hotel , and we hope that it is going to meet your expectations .
 the conference is not too far from your hotel .
 i strongly recommend you to use public transport in order to get there , because you may find other types of transportation quite expensive .
 moreover , you must be aware of the fact that the conference is going to last two hours , until 00:00 pm .
 after that our college has organised a barbecue night , with traditional local music that you must not miss .
 you do n't need to wear formal clothes .
 just everyday clothes .
 finally , i am aware of the fact that on the last day you have some hours free before you catch your plane .
 do n't miss the chance to visit our famous tourist attractions .
 there is also a huge shopping centre where you can buy some souvenirs or taste some of our traditional food .
 i hope that you will find my information helpful .
 i am looking forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely
 the historical museum
 welcome to athens ! !
 without any doubt , it is a historical place which provides its visitors with the opportunity to discover different aspects of greek history during the passing of the centuries .
 do n't miss the chance to visit the historical museum , located in the heart of the capital city .
 a traditional building which was built at the beginning of the century .
 the historical museum is simply a symbol , a proof of what the greeks have always considered as a fundamental principle : their freedom .
 there are five different floors , each of them presents a different chronological period of greek history , starting from the period before the birth of jesus and concluding with the revolution of 0000 .
 the museum provides the visitor with the opportunity to see original pieces of writing , famous paintings having as their main subject the revolution of 0000 , and aspects of the greek religion that have always been considered to be a vital part of greek history .
 there is a small entry fee .
 inside the museum there is a bookshop with a large variety of historical books , maps etc .
 if you really want to discover what greek history means , we strongly recommend you to visit the historical museum ! ! !
 dear maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter and i will try to help you .
 i must remind you that the international student conference will be next month on the first of july .
 the hotel that we booked is the palace hotel , which is near the bus station .
 when you are in the bus station you will catch bus number 00 , which will go to the town centre .
 from there you will walk to the college because it is easier to get there that way than to get another bus .
 anyway the college is the first road on your right from the town centre .
 after the conference some food and drink will be available in the sports centre , which is well equipped for discos .
 our party has a special theme : ' western ' .
 so we suggest wearing cowboy - style clothes .
 on your last day you could go to the sports museum , which is great and famous around the world , or just go for a walk around reconvillier park .
 i hope that i have answered all of your questions and that the conference will be great .
 yours sincerely .
 from :
 to : the group leader
 subject : old roman school .
 introduction : i am writing to describe the location and architecture for you and tell the story of the old roman school of courtelary . i hope that you will go there with your group because it has a lot of beautiful things to see .
 it is the only old roman school in the world .
 location : courtelary is situated in switzerland and the school is on the top of the town 's hill .
 this place is very important because it is there that an emperor grew up .
 architecture : it is a typical from this epoch with beautiful drawing on the wall and first kind of writing in the sports centre .
 the door is enormous because for them the entrance was very important .
 history : it all began when ogus micius said that romans needed to go to school .
 they decided to build more schools , especially in switzerland because the people there were considered clever .
 during the second world war all the schools were demolished and only ours is left .
 conclusion : i have given you a lot of reasons to go to this building and i hope you will enjoy your trip to my town .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i am writing to answer your question .
 firstly , i have already booked the palace hotel for the students .
 that is the hotel near my college .
 it takes five minutes to get to my college on foot .
 i will copy the map around the college .
 secondly , i will tell you about the end - of - conference party .
 it will start at six o'clock .
 the party will be held in the dining room .
 the people who will attend the party include many professors , semi - professors and faculties .
 so i suggest that the students should wear formal clothes .
 finally , i will give you some ideas for an afternoon free time .
 the city in which there is my college is traditional in my country .
 for example , there are many shrines , temples , and castles .
 i suggest that you should visit these places .
 you will have a good time .
 in addition , there are many other colleges .
 you will be able to meet many japanese students .
 i am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
 if you would like to get more information , you will ask me every time .
 yours sincerely .
 i suggest that you should visit one building .
 my town is the capital of japan .
 so there are many tall buildings .
 i think it is like new york .
 however , there is only one building which i want you to visit .
 the name of the building is ' sunshine 00 ' .
 this is the tallest building in tokyo . i recommend visiting it .
 i have three reasons for my recommendation .
 firstly , there is the aquarium in the building .
 in addition , there is the 00th floor . when i went there the first time i could n't believe it .
 secondly , if you go there , you will see everything in tokyo .
 the view of tokyo is not beautiful , but you will think that this city is a developing place .
 on the other hand you may be surprised at what a small city it is ! !
 finally , there are many shops inside the building . you will have a good time shopping .
 i hope when you visit you will be favourite place .
 you should go there .
 00.00.0000
 dear mrs smith , thank you for your letter asking for my help with the conference .
 i would like to do my best to help you .
 firstly , palace hotel has been booked for the group 's accommodation and i spoke with the hotel manager about travelling to the conference .
 the hotel has its own buses , they will take us from the hotel to the conference saloon .
 secondly , i would like to tell you more about the end - of - conference party . i booked the palace hotel 's restaurant for our party and it is big enough for your students .
 it is going to be very lovely and enjoyable because i have lots of surprises for the students .
 in addition , i suggest that they should wear sporty and comfortable clothes .
 finally , you would like to know about some activities for three hours of free time .
 i think you can go to the ' dreamland ' .
 in this place there are video games , some little competitions and a small zoo available .
 students can enjoy their time in this place and it is on the way to the airport .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 to : american students ' group leader
 from : ...
 re : information on an interesting building to visit
 introduction
 here is my report for american students who want information on an interesting building to visit in ankara .
 i would like to describe ' anitkabir '
 findings
 0 . this building 's name is ' anitkabir ' and it is the biggest building in ankara .
 it was built in 0000 .
 it is located in the middle of the forest .
 there are different kinds of birds and different kinds of trees present .
 0 .
 there is a very big museum inside the building and all the building is made from stone .
 0 . this building 's security guards are very special soldiers .
 their aim is to protect the building from enemies because there is also a very big army museum available .
 0 .
 there is no charge for entrance and it has a good view for tourists to see ankara from the hill .
 it opens from 0.00 am to 0.00 pm .
 recommendations
 i think that it is the best building in ankara to visit because it includes turkish history and very good sightseeing .
 dear mrs. smith ,
 i am writing in reply to your letter about the international student conference .
 the hotel which we have reserved for your group is the palace hotel .
 it is not far from our college , taking 00 minutes by car .
 it would be a good idea to take a taxi from the hotel to the college because the total number of members in your group is 0 and a taxi fare would not be expensive .
 there is a taxi rank opposite the hotel .
 regarding the end - of - conference party on thursday , it starts at 0 p.m. in the garden of the college .
 you can wear either casual dress or fancy dress because we are having a fancy - dress competition and the prize is a bottle of french champagne .
 on friday afternoon , it has set to be some free time .
 therefore , you can go shopping in the town centre , which is near the college .
 many beautiful and traditional souvenirs can be found there .
 the other suggestion is going to the flower market , which is very famous for tourists because it covers 0 acres and there are plenty of flowers to buy .
 moreover , it is the biggest flower market in this area .
 i look forward to meeting you soon and hope you have a safe journey .
 yours sincerely ,
 invented light
 there are many sources of light in this world , such as sunlight , moonlight and candlelight .
 some of them are natural whereas the others are not .
 owing to an increasing demand for light , for more activities , the natural source is not adequate .
 therefore , electric light was invented .
 nowadays , the electric light has become part of our lives , especially during the night .
 whatever we do at night , we need electric light .
 have you ever imagined how this world would be if there was no electric light ?
 it must have made a big impact on industry , agriculture and our lifestyle .
 think about when the electricity in your house got short circuited .
 did you feel uncomfortable ?
 could you do anything much without light ?
 in addition , the electric light is the manuscript of other electric equipment and they have become an important part of our life , too .
 i think we should be grateful that we have got the electric light for comforting our lifestyle .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i was very pleased to receive your letter .
 it is my pleasure to help you with organising the international student conference .
 firstly , for your information , the group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is located in the town centre .
 students can take the airport bus directly to the hotel when you arrive .
 and the best way to get from there to the conference is by coach , as there are about 00 international students , and they are all strangers here .
 therefore it is no good taking a bus .
 i will help you to book the coach .
 secondly , the end - of - conference party will be held at the college 's main hall , from 0:00 pm to 00:00 pm on 00th june .
 there will be various kinds of food and drinks provided .
 moreover , students can dance and enjoy different sorts of music , for instance , rock , jazz , pop , garage and so on .
 furthermore , i suggest you and the students wear pub - wears to it , as they are suitable for dancing .
 finally , on the last day , i suggest you go to the market in town during the 0-hour gap .
 it is a nice place to buy british - style gifts for your family and friends .
 you could also enjoy the tea at the cafés nearby .
 i would be pleased to give any help you need .
 i am looking forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 from : genevieve chiu
 to : the group leader of the american students
 subject : interesting building to visit in hong kong
 visiting po lin temple
 the purpose of this is to give information to the american students describing po lin temple , which is worth visiting .
 0 .
 brief history of po lin temple :
 it was founded in 0000 .
 it is a traditional type of chinese temple .
 because of the 0nd world war , it was re - built in 0000 .
 a big buddha was built in 0000 just next to the temple , and it is the largest outdoor buddha in the world .
 0 . location :
 the location of po lin temple is on lotus island , which is the second biggest island in hong kong .
 0 .
 opening and closing time :
 po lin temple is open to the public from 0:00 am to 0:00 pm on monday to friday , and 0:00 am to 0:00 pm on saturday and sunday .
 0 . transport
 you could take the mtr ( hk underground ) straight to lotus island or take the ferry to get there .
 then you need to take the bus , an a000 , a000 or a000 , to po lin temple .
 it is quite convenient .
 all the buses and the mtr have air - conditioning .
 0 .
 attractive points :
 you could go sightseeing around the temple and take photos .
 of course , you may acquire a greater knowledge of hong kong , as the temple has been here for nearly 000 years .
 you must n't miss the famous big buddha , or you will be sorry .
 the temple also provides free chinese traditional - style meals for visitors .
 0 .
 conclusion :
 to sum up , i think po lin temple is a nice place to visit , especially for americans students .
 it is easy to get there and free admission .
 on the other hand , hong kong is known as a highly commercial city , and you could find something different in po lin temple .
 dear mrs smith ,
 first of all i 'm sorry to hear that richard brown is ill .
 as you are the leader of the group instead of him , i 'm delighted to give you all the information you have asked for .
 the palace hotel has been booked for the group , and , from there to the conference , we have organized the hotel 's bus service to take the students to the conference .
 we will meet in the lobby at 0.00 am .
 the conference party will last until 0.00 am , but everybody does not need to stay until the end .
 there will be a bus taking students who do not want to stay at the party until the end .
 the bus will be service at 0.00 pm and 00.00 pm , then at the end of the party there will be the last one .
 everybody is free to dress for the party but consider what is appropriate .
 on the last day at noon , you could go to the craft centre nearby the airport .
 there are lots of things there you will enjoy watching or buying for friends .
 if there is any information you need to know about the conference , please let me know .
 i look forward to seeing you at the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 telephone saved my friendship
 it 's very hard to decide which invention is the best .
 because all of them are so important in different ways .
 as now i 'm away from home , the telephone is very important to me .
 having a telephone i can call my mother and my friends , which prevents me from feeling homesick ; not completely but i think it 's better than other ways .
 to hear the voice of the person you love is a feeling that is hard to describe ; it 's wonderful and so real . you can imagine their face clearly .
 i had a problem with my best friend once when we kept in touch through e - mail .
 the problem was the language . we used english but neither of us were very good at it at the time , which made us misunderstand each other .
 however , the problem was solved by a telephone .
 we are now still friends .
 thanks to the invention of the telephone .
 dear mrs smith
 with reference to the information that you have requested , the hotel that has been booked is the holiday inn , in new port and to get to the university of wales , which is not far from the hotel , you only need to take a diversion where clearly indicate carleon and once you are on the main road , all you need to do is to follow the country road which takes you directly to the place .
 concerning the party at the end of the conference , this will be formal , therefore you will need formal clothing , as you know there will be company directors , managers etc there .
 as for the last day , i would suggest you make a visit to the local museum and the ruins of the castle .
 in the first you will find a very interesting collection of roman remains , also you can visit another section which is supposed to be a roman site .
 yours sincerely ,
 i always had considered myself to be very lucky to be born in the century because of all the amazing human inventions .
 as an example let 's have a look and we will see this nation and how it has developed .
 we just need to think about the first world wold and all the inventions created thanks to the industrial revolution to this day .
 however , i feel that at the moment there should emerge more groups to control this development because of the industrial pollution that has been created and it seems that it 's very little , what is being done at the moment in relation to our environment .
 i hope in the future there will be more and more people interested in this important issue .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i read your letters and i 'm ready to help you .
 i think that we have to think about which hotel is best for the students .
 i have an idea and i think that you will agree with me .
 i was thinking about the palace hotel because it 's very nice and cheap .
 it has comfortable bedrooms and a place for parties .
 you can book this hotel . it 's the best and it 's near to the conference . it 's only 00 minutes on foot .
 i think that it will be nice for the end - of - conference party if you invite somebody to sing and give the students the time to enjoy themselves and to dance .
 the party will be nice .
 now the clothes that they will wear have to be smart , not the kind you would wear if you were going to a casino for example but nice casual , not with sports shoes or t - shirts .
 on the last day in the afternoon when you have three hours free you can go for coffee or visit some places .
 those are my ideas for the conference .
 i hope that you will like them .
 yours sincerely ,
 today our article will be about inventions that we need in our life .
 i think that we need all these things in our life because they can give us a lot of things .
 first of all we need the telephone in our house because it 's important to make a call if you need something or if something happens to your house and nobody is with you .
 the second one is the lamp , the electricity that is very important in our life .
 in the past people did n't have electricity and if they wanted , for example , to read or to cook something they used to light a fire .
 it 's important to have electricity because without it you ca n't do anything .
 the other one is the television .
 you must have a tv because you can learn about what is happening in the world and you can see some places that you haven't been to .
 you can enjoy watching a film if you have some free time .
 a boat is not so important but you can use one for fishing and to see some places .
 the car is now very important in our life . you can go wherever you want .
 this year the families they have 0 cars in one family one by one person .
 for me the most important thing is the telephone because without this you ca n't do anything . it 's part of my life .
 dear maria smith ,
 first of all , the group has been booked into the palace hotel .
 it is a big hotel because there will be a lot of people .
 it has a swimming pool and a nice bar .
 the hotel is ten minutes away from the conference centre and there will be a bus available to go directly over there .
 at the end of the conference there will be a dinner in a luxurious restaurant , so people must have nice clothes ; jeans are not allowed .
 next to the restaurant , there is a disco for people who like dancing .
 we can do a lot of things in my area .
 we have the opportunity to visit the old town . it 's very nice and there are a lot of shops .
 we can visit the old castle or the painting museum too .
 i find television the most important invention .
 i think it 's good for old people because some of them can not go to the cinema any more .
 on the one hand that 's because they haven't enough money to pay for it and on the other hand it 's because they ca n't move very well , for example if they are disabled .
 with television , old people are less alone because most old women do n't have their husbands any more .
 television is a good way to be informed about the news .
 i prefer being informed by television than by newspapers ; it 's more relaxing .
 i think television is a good invention for children , for when they have free time . while they are watching television , we do n't have to look after them if we have something important to do .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i 'm very glad to be able to help you out with such a situation .
 first of all , the group has been booked into ' the palace hotel ' .
 you wo n't have any problem finding the college because it 's opposite the hotel , and the conference will be there .
 as you know , the conference will start at 00:00 and it will finish at 00:00 , but we will have lunch altogether at 00:00 in the college 's hall until 00:00 .
 you 'll have to wear a white shirt and blue trousers . if you want you will be able to wear a blue jacket .
 when we have finished you 'll be able to enjoy yourself in our cinema or television room , but if you prefer other things , we 've got a swimming pool and a library . it will be your own choice .
 i hope it was useful for you .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear group leader ,
 with regard to your request , i 'm going to give you some information about which is the best place to visit in this town , fuengirola .
 fuengirola has a wonderful and beautiful castle which is right on the seafront .
 it is situated on the top of a little hill which is part of the beach .
 you should n't miss the chance to see this castle because there is an excellent view and there are always a lot of people there and there are little shops where you can buy souvenirs .
 at the same time you are enjoying the castle you can take a break to go to the beach and you can look at the castle from the sea . that is also amazing .
 also , there is a museum of history inside .
 as you will see , you have to visit the castle . you wo n't feel regret about that .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to answer your letter where you asked for information about the conference and other points in relation to it .
 the hotel where your group has been booked is the palace hotel .
 it is a very nice hotel in the centre of the city , and that is very near to the college where the conference is being held - five minutes ' walk .
 walking is quicker than waiting for a taxi or a bus .
 when you arrive at the colleges there will be people indicating the way to the conference room .
 at the end of the conference we are throwing a party with some cold food and some drinks .
 there will be music as well for dancing .
 the director of the college has suggested wearing smart clothes for that occasion and i give you the same advice .
 i have some suggestions regarding the afternoon before you leave .
 in the vicinity of the hotel there are two interesting places to visit .
 one is the picasso museum and the other is an important gallery where you can enjoy seeing different kinds of paintings .
 i hope my information will help you and it has been useful for you .
 i am looking forwards to seeing you at the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 there is an invention that i think has been very important : the computer .
 the computer is very useful and it has affected our own lives in different ways .
 the computer has made a lot of jobs easier .
 jobs that you needed , for example , three hours for you can do in ten minutes ; the same !
 but computers haven't only affected us in a good way because thanks to computers the number the jobs available for people is smaller .
 but they have definitely been a very important invention .
 the last relationed with computers is the internet .
 with the internet you can communicate with people in different places of the world at the same moment .
 and you can get lots of information about a lot of things .
 you can find everything that you need on the internet .
 nowadays computers are very advanced and they are increasing .
 what will be next ?
 dear mrs smith ,
 i have received your letter and i am glad i can help you .
 you have been booked to stay in the palace hotel , which is a very pleasant hotel not far away from here .
 the best way to get here is : once you go out of the hotel , turn right , then follow the signs to the hospital , because it is just beside our college .
 when you are in the college , ask for me .
 the conference will last one hour , and , at 0 o'clock the party will start . it is a formal party and you should wear formal clothes .
 the dress code is no jeans .
 we will provide you with food and drinks .
 for your free time i have quite a few ideas .
 there are lots of things to do here .
 we have got a museum which is just two minutes from your hotel .
 you can also go to a nearby park and eat something in the café .
 if you go to the main street you will find a street full of shops and i am sure the students would like that .
 i hope this information will be helpful .
 if you have any other questions , please , do contact me .
 i 'm looking forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 the mobile phone
 the mobile phone has completely changed our lives , it is an instrument which i can not imagine myself living without .
 apart from being in fashion , it is also a very helpful machine .
 do you remember that day when you got stuck in the middle of the road with your car which would n't work ?
 what would you have done at that moment without a mobile phone ?
 you were at home in less than ten minutes just because you had a mobile phone with you , amazing , is n't it ?
 nowadays , everyone has a mobile phone .
 i am fifteen years old and everybody in my year has got a mobile phone .
 five years ago you would n't have even thought about it .
 it has been a plus for me .
 for example , now my parents allow me to go to more places just because i have my mobile with me , and , sending text messages is an addiction which every teenager is obsessed with .
 all in all , the invention of this little device is a big plus for everyone .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to inform you that i have received a letter from you about helping you to organise an international student conference in my college .
 your group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is not very far from my college .
 however , due to the congestion and delays near the hotel , the best way to get from there to the conference is on the underground , from victoria street station .
 you will arrive at the other station opposite my college in approximately 00 minutes .
 at the end - of - conference party , you may either leave the party or stay in the college for more activities .
 different types of clothing can be worn . however , jean wears and t - shirts will be common on that day .
 instead of staying in the hotel for the last three hours , i suggest that you perhaps visit our town centre .
 the popular attractions in our town , including the art gallery , museum , aquarium , and market square , can be found near the monument of our town , the saltisy bridge .
 i am looking forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 the little woods shopping mall
 location
 the little woods shopping mall is an ideal place for you and your group to visit .
 it is located very close to the town centre next to the town museum .
 it can be accessed by the nearby train station .
 facilities
 for those students who are very interested in shopping , clothes shops , jewellery , stationery , bookshops , fashion and beauty departments and many more are available .
 for those who want something more exciting and adventurous , you are recommended to visit the fun fair and amusement arcade on the top floor of the building .
 other facilities such as cinemas , theatres , and large department stores can also be found there .
 there is a little souvenir shop for tourists and a special discount for tourists from abroad who want to use the car park .
 conclusion
 not only will the tourist information centre provide any information you might need , you can also visit the ict block , which allows you to access onto anything you want to know from the computers .
 a special trip could also be organized .
 dear marie ,
 i am writing in connection with your letter about the international student conference .
 i appreciate if i can offer you my help .
 i would like to give you the necessary details , which will help you to organise the conference .
 richard brown booked the palace hotel for the students , which is very comfortable and close to our college .
 you need only spend 0 minutes walking to get to the college .
 after the conference we are planning to organise a big party with a barbecue .
 the party will take place in a forest close to a campsite .
 i hope we will have nice weather .
 therefore , i suggest wearing casual clothes .
 on the afternoon of the last day , if you have some free time , i would recommend you visit a very famous exhibition of leonardo devinci .
 the exhibition will take place at the " gribaldi museum " , which you can find on crariden street , n 0 .
 you will never regret about my suggestion .
 if you need more information let me know .
 best regards ,
 report on the building at berkeley square .
 in order to prepare this report i visited the business college and interviewed some students , i asked them only one question : " which building do you find most beautiful and most interesting in our city ? "
 the students who were questioned said that there are a lot of interesting buildings in our city .
 however , the majority of people point out one very old building , which you can find at barkeley square .
 most of the students found this building very special , because it reflects our history , tradition and culture .
 if you visit the building , you will get the impression , the feeling , that you are in the past .
 this building attracts a lot of people - because it has a very special style with majestic , antique windows .
 in addition , i also visited this place - and i was very impressed .
 finally i would recommend you visit the barkely square area .
 in this area you can also find other different buildings , which would you attract .
 report by the group leader
 from
 00.00.00
 dear maria ,
 i 've received your letter asking me for further information about the conference that you are going to organise very soon . here you have a little help for it .
 first , i 'd like to tell you that the hotel where you are going to stay is " the palace hotel " , which is situated at the centre of the town .
 it ca n't be difficult to find , because it is very near to the conference .
 also there is a bus provided by the organisation to take all the students to the hotel .
 at the end of the conference there will be a party .
 i might suggest you wear a casual outfit , because many students feel like relaxing after a whole day sitting and listening at the conference .
 the party will be amazed by a group of musicians , and i remember last year it was unforgettable , because all the people were dancing and having a lot of fun .
 it is a well - situated town with a lot of museums to visit , especially " the history museum " , which i visited last year , and i think you will enjoy it .
 it does n't take a lot of time to visit and entrance is free .
 hoping i 've been very helpful to you .
 yours sincerely ,
 the telephone has changed our lives
 it 's impossible nowadays to imagine a life without that invention how quickly affects our life especially in business .
 we ca n't imagine a big company without a phone , which can make business more quick than anything else .
 also , i have been asking a lot of people in the street :
 could you live without a telephone ?
 the answer was always the same : " impossible " .
 an old woman told me how important the phone was when her only son was abroad studying computers at " chicago university " . she told me that every night she expected a call from her son , because her was the line of the happiness .
 however , there was one person who told me he was n't happy at all with the phone , because he used to write a lot , especially at christmas when he wanted to wish all his friends a very nice christmas but now everybody phones him , ending a very old tradition .
 in my opinion this little " box " that everybody has at home can save your life , especially if you need to ring a doctor in an emergency situation .
 in conclusion do n't make very long phone calls and you wo n't have to pay a very expensive bill .
 dear mrs maria smith
 thank you for your letter .
 it 's a shame that i wo n't see richard because of his illness , but i 'm willing to help you as much as i can .
 so i will give you some information which you asked for in your letter .
 firstly , about your accommodation , the college which i belong to offers visitors free accommodation with full of facilities
 ( for example , bath , car park , free internet access , etc . ) .
 they also are located on our campus so you can get to the conference by walking .
 secondly , as you know , we 'll have a party after the conference , which will take place at our student council hall with some meals .
 this party is unlikely to be that formal , but i recommend you do n't wear jeans and trainers .
 last , if you have some free time , you should visit kamakura city , which is 00 minutes from our campus by train .
 that is a very traditional japanese city where there are many temples and monuments .
 i 'm sure you 'll enjoy it and maybe become familiar with our culture .
 by the way , if you have any other questions , please send me a letter again .
 oh baby , i ca n't live without you !
 these days , we 're surrounded with so many different kinds of products which our ancestors invented .
 in our daily life , however , we seldom notice how easy a life we 've got or , what is more , how difficult our grandparents found it .
 how nasty we are !
 let us try to appreciate their importance again .
 as for me , the invention which is most important to me is the personal computer . i have been a full - time student in the university at home , and their classes all require us to have personal computers and use them at all times .
 when you take the class on computer programming , you will definitely need one and that holds true for the class on politics , because you have to study statistics on your computer to do social research and some analyses .
 my professor said , ' go and get familiar with your computer , otherwise you 'll fail ' .
 i find it amazingly easy to forget the importance of inventions which we usually use without thinking .
 that 's the nature of human beings .
 but i think it 's not only our fault but evidence of how much they have integrated themselves into our life .
 dear mrs smith
 i received your letter asking for some information about the conference .
 i am glad to provide all the information .
 the group has been booked into the palace hotel which is near the train station .
 it is really easy to get to the conference from the hotel .
 the bus runs from in front of the hotel .
 if you catch the red bus it will drop you in front of the conference building .
 at the conference you should wear formal dress but you are free to choose the colour or style .
 at the end of the conference there will be a reception at the hotel .
 we have arranged some tours of the city .
 you will be visiting some interesting places and towers .
 i look forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely .
 computer magic .
 can you imagine life before computers ?
 lots of books , papers , lots of things on the tables .
 a computer is a really clever machine .
 it stores all the information , never says enough , and it never forgets any information . whenever we want it from it , it does n't refuse .
 it saves time for humankind . people do n't need to spend a lot of time recording everything . it makes space in offices .
 a lot of bosses or workers in factories do not need to employ many clever workers because we do n't need a lot of them .
 this saves a lot of money for companies .
 computers have helped to improve health because in this century we can use them in medical operations . doctors can manage the most extreme operation easily and confidently .
 in general computers have brought human life two centuries forward . they make life easier for us .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing in reply to your letter , which i received yesterday .
 below is some information you will need for the next international student conference at bournemouth college and some recommendations , which might be useful for the students .
 first of all , the hotel booked for the group is the palace hotel , which is very impressive in terms of comfort and facilities .
 this is a very central hotel located not far away from the conference hall .
 you will be able to get there either by bus ( no 000 ) or on foot .
 next you are welcome to attend the party organized at the end of the conference .
 it will begin at elevenish p.m. and may last the whole night .
 people are going to be in costume there and it would be a good idea to wear extravagant multi - coloured clothes .
 finally i think that you should jump at the opportunity to go to the historic pergam 's museum before leaving .
 some of the most amazing masterpieces are exhibited there .
 i wish you a wonderful trip and look forward to meeting you in bournemouth .
 yours sincerely
 to : ( group leader )
 from :
 subject : bournemouth national museum
 as requested i visited the bournemouth national museum , which is , to my mind , one of the most interesting buildings of the area .
 below is a summary of the most important points and some recommendations you may need .
 0 . architecture
 the architecture of the building in itself is really breathtaking in terms of luxury and ornamentation .
 even if the architectural style may seem a bit heavy , this building is really a masterpiece with no real comparison anywhere in the world .
 0 . exposition
 although i have to admit that it is very tiring to visit the whole museum in one day , it is such a rewarding and enriching experience that people never get tired of looking at the paintings and sculptures in each section of the museum .
 0 . restaurant
 the adjoining restaurant is very good as well .
 the waiters are friendly and always ready to give advice .
 in fact it is just what visitors need after their trip through the museum .
 to sum up , i would say that this museum is more interesting than the other museums , because you can enjoy not only wonderful masterpieces but also very unusual architecture and a quiet restaurant where you will be able to have a rest if you need to .
 dear mrs. smith ,
 in reply to your letter , i would like to answer your questions and give you more information .
 firstly , the hotel in which the group is going to stay is the ' palace hotel ' .
 secondly , the easiest way to travel from the hotel to the conference is by a local bus .
 there is a bus stop in front of the hotel and a no.00 or 0 will take you directly to the conference .
 thirdly , the end - of - conference party will be a small disco , with a variety of drinks and food provided .
 therefore , you can wear something quite casual .
 lastly , on the last day , i would suggest you visit the edinburgh castle and the national scottish museum , as both of them are very interesting and have a student discount .
 i hope this letter can help you with enough information .
 yours sincerely ,
 could modern people live without a light bulb ?
 well , i do n't think so .
 the only people who could live without one would be extremely weird or in a very difficult situation !
 we are nearly always surrounded by ' man - made ' light .
 with it , we read , study , walk , and so on .
 in the past people relied on the sunlight , moonlight and the light from fire .
 these were , however , very unreliable when the weather was bad and when the fuel ran out .
 they had to read , study and walk in the dark .
 today , this kind of thing hardly ever happens !
 well , unless there is something wrong with the power supply .
 i remember when i was about 0 , i visited a museum with my family .
 while i was in the toilet , all the lights went off !
 i screamed and cried since i 'd never experienced being in complete darkness before .
 when the light was turned on again , i realised how important even a single light bulb can be , and i was sure i could never , ever live without one .
 dear maria ,
 first of all , i am sorry to hear that richard is ill .
 as the conference must go on , i will give you the information you asked for in order to work on this conference .
 concerning the hotel , the group has been booked to stay in a hotel which is very near the place where we are going to have the conference .
 the hotel is the palace hotel .
 it is only 0 minutes ' walk from there to the conference and i would like to suggest that this is the best way to get to the conference .
 regarding the party , we will have a party at the end of the conference at the hotel where you will stay .
 the party will have a relaxed atmosphere so do n't worry about what to wear .
 there will be only our group , so wear whatever you want and enjoy yourself .
 lastly , what you could possibly do while you will be waiting for three hours , for some people who want to go shopping .
 the shopping centre is just opposite the hotel . however , some people may want to just wait at the hotel , having a cup of coffee .
 the cafe in the hotel is available .
 i hope that this information will be useful .
 if you have any questions i am more than happy to help .
 i look forward to seeing you at the conference .
 yours sincerely .
 could you live without this ?
 imagine how your life would be if you woke up one morning and found that all the electricity had gone .
 how would you manage to get yourself ready to go to work ?
 how would you know what happens in the whole wide world or even how to get yourself breakfast without a toaster ! ! !
 how would you cope with all that ?
 thank god for those who created our electricity and had appliedapplied it into every appliance .
 electricity is a clever invention .
 everything is based on the use of electricity , for instance from a little light bulb to the most complicated computer system which stores priceless information !
 life would n't be easy if we did n't have electricity .
 electricity is very important in keeping our lives going .
 no matter where you are , what you do , apparently , you need electricity .
 let 's think about it this way : if we did n't have electricity , there would be no other inventions at all ! !
 i , personally , could n't live without electricity .
 it has already affected and played a great role in my life .
 i watch the television and use the computer every day .
 moreover , other facilities in my house , the telephone , air - conditioner , fridge , for example , they all need electricity . that is why it is very important to my life .
 dear mrs. smith
 my name is ... , i am a local student and i will give you the requested information .
 the rooms for your students have been booked at the palace hotel near the city centre .
 the hotel is just three bus stops away from our college .
 so you and your students can take the bus from the central bus station that is right in front of your hotel to get to the conference .
 the end - of - conference party starts just one hour after the end of the conference .
 it is located in our sports hall .
 there will be live music and a midnight dinner .
 you do n't have to appear very noble dressed , just as you like ( there is no dress code - you may wear what you want ) .
 for your last day i think it would be interesting to visit our historic and famous city centre .
 i will organize a tourist guide to give us information about the old buildings and sights .
 if you have any more questions , write me a short letter .
 yours sincerely
 the invention of the car was a great point in history .
 from there on people were mobile and had the opportunity to travel wherever they wanted .
 within of course the physical barriers .
 people now had the chance to move to faraway places to spend their leisure time , to relax , or just to see something different than their home .
 in my life the car has an enormous influence . i come from a rural area .
 the next city is 00 km away and there is no acceptable bus or rail connection to go there .
 it was quite hard for me not to have the opportunities for my free time like my friends who lived in or near the city .
 i just had no way to meet them after school , because i had no vehicle to get there .
 i always needed my mom or my dad to take me where i wanted to go .
 today i have my own car and i use it daily to get to work and to meet my friends at any place and any time .
 so with my car i achieved great freedom .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am replying to your letter in which you asked for some information about the conference in peterborough regional college .
 your group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is situated in the city centre , 00 minutes ' walk from where the conference takes place .
 on the next page there is a map showing you the best way to get to the conference that will be at the regional college .
 the conference will start at 0 p.m . , the same day we expect , the 00th of june .
 our director will make a speech afterwards and there will be a party with some snacks , drinks and music .
 for the people who are interested in it , there will also be karaoke .
 everybody should wear formal clothes , at least , a little bit formal .
 no jeans or tee shirts .
 there are a lot of places you can visit in peterborough .
 we have a cathedral you can visit anytime and the riverside , which is best if it is a nice day , sunny and warm , for taking a walk .
 for details , look at the map on the next page .
 yours sincerely ,
 alice knew that is was going to be a very special day for her .
 she had a dream where somebody told her that that day would be special .
 so , she took the bus , like every morning , and she went to school .
 but that day was a little bit different : she had her maths exam .
 she had never passed a maths exam and she was really nervous .
 half an hour before the exam she went to the cafeteria to have a cup of tea .
 she sat down and , what a surprise , she found a lottery ticket .
 nobody was around her , so she took the ticket .
 drank her cup of tea and went to the classroom where the exam took place .
 she did really well in the exam , she was very surprised , and after the exam she went home .
 she spent the rest of the day listening to music while she was thinking about the lottery ticket and waiting for the tv show at 0 o'clock .
 at that time , she turned on the tv and while the lottery man was shouting out the winning numbers , she checked hers and what a surprise it was that the last 0 numbers were the same ! !
 she won £ 000 ! ! !
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i have just received a letter from you .
 i really appreciate your interest in our conference .
 firstly , the palace hotel is your accommodation which you have booked .
 this is a very nice hotel and i am sure you will be very pleased about staying there .
 secondly , you will have no problems finding the conference .
 obviously , using a taxi is the best but unfortunately it is quite expensive for a student .
 however , we have already arranged a mini - bus for you .
 the bus will be in front of your hotel at 0 p.m. and it will take you to the conference .
 thirdly , we will have the end - of - conference party at 0 p.m. you can have dinner with wine which is very famous in our area and also you can enjoy the semi - classical concert which we have been preparing for 0 months .
 but i hope you will wear a formal suit and dress .
 you will not be allowed to enter this party unless you wear casual clothes .
 lastly , you will not have any problem spending your extra time in cambridge because we have a lot of attractions .
 cambridge bus tour , for example , will be very nice for you because it is the best and the easiest way of getting to know cambridge .
 but if you do not like it , you can enjoy the city centre with a walking tour and then you can enjoy going punting which is the most pleasant attraction in cambridge .
 i hope you will be happy with our conference and party etc .
 we have been preparing all of them for a long time .
 please oblige us with your attendance .
 if you want more information , please let me know .
 your sincerely
 dear mr or miss ,
 welcome to my town and i really appreciate your visiting .
 i would like you to visit ' coex ' building which is located in samsung - dong south of seoul .
 i will tell you some information about this building .
 this building consists of a world exhibition centre , a multiplex cinema , a huge shopping mall , a huge food court and an aquarium .
 now the world software for linux exhibition is being held in the exhibition centre .
 if you are interested in computers , it will give you great pleasure .
 for a multiplex cinema , it is the biggest cinema in asia and it has 00 screens .
 therefore you can enjoy all the latest films there .
 if you want to buy something , especially clothes , the shopping mall , which is called ' coex mall ' , will be the best place : very cheap and lots of designer clothes .
 also , you 'd better not miss the food court .
 it provides all kinds of food .
 korean food , italian food ... you can enjoy them all .
 lastly , i really want you to go to the aquarium .
 actually i have been there three times but i still want to go there again .
 i am sure you will like this very much .
 i hope you will enjoy yourself in my town . i would be very happy if you could be satisfied with my recommendation .
 and if you need someone to guide you , please send me an e - mail or give me a call .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours faithfully ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i am writing to give some information on the conference as you requested .
 first of all , your group has been booked into palace hotel which is very convenient to stay in and has a beautiful landscape .
 i would recommend you get to the conference by subway , because the subway station is situated 0 minutes ' walk from the hotel .
 it will take you about 00 minutes to arrive at the college .
 there will be a party after the conference .
 we will serve you dinner and some college students are going to sing , play musical instruments and so on , but you can join in if you wish .
 therefore , you had better wear casual and comfortable clothes .
 finally , this area has its reputation for shopping centres , so it might be a good idea to buy some clothes , local food , and so on .
 you will be able to buy them at a reasonable price .
 i hope you will enjoy your stay in my country .
 i look forward to meeting all of you .
 yours sincerely ,
 amusement centre
 introduction
 the aim of this report is to give information on the amusement centre in seoul .
 it is based on my experience and on views expressed by local people who were interviewed .
 facilities
 it was found that the amusement centre is the most popular building in seoul to enjoy yourself .
 there is a wide range of facilities including theatres , game centres , korean restaurants .
 in particular , people seemed to be satisfied with the theatres , because the screen is massive .
 the korean restaurants appeared to be the most popular with foreigners .
 things to buy
 it seems you can buy everything you want at a reasonable price in the building .
 in particular , korean souvenir shops were felt to be extremely cheap .
 however , you can buy luxurious things as well if you wish .
 conclusion
 in short , the amusement centre is a fascinating place and it deserves a visit .
 i would highly recommend this building , because you can not only enjoy yourself but also experience korean culture which might be exotic to foreign visitors .
 dear mrs. smith
 thank you very much for your letter which i received yesterday .
 i am sure that together we can spend a good student conference at my college .
 i will now give you some useful information .
 first of all , we come to some important points about the organisation .
 the group has been booked into a comfortable and well - situated hotel , whose name is the " palace hotel " .
 the hotel is on the right - hand side of parker piece , which you can find on the map which i will send you .
 the " palace hotel " is 0 minutes ' walk from the station .
 the conference is taking place in the building opposite the bus stop .
 after a short speech from our director , the evening entertainment will begin .
 in a well - known and pleasant pub in the city centre we have some food and drinks .
 also , there will be a very famous live band .
 you do not have to wear formal clothes .
 you asked me for some suggestions for your free afternoon .
 naturally we have a lot of interesting things to visit but something that is special is our cathedral .
 the architecture takes you back to the old times . as well as the stained glass windows which are really amazing .
 we also have an interesting museum and a modern theatre .
 finally , i am sure you and your group will spend some enjoyable , relaxing days here .
 please do not hesitate to contact me for more information .
 i look forward to meeting you soon .
 yours sincerely .
 inventions have affected all our lives !
 what is it that we use every day for many hours ?
 sometimes from early in the morning until late in the evening .
 yes , it is the tv .
 it is well known in almost all families , often with a lot of different channels .
 first of all , the tv can bring us news in a short time , about what is happening all over the world .
 another point in favour of the tv is that it shows interesting reports , for instance about animals or the different culture of other countries .
 furthermore there are a lot of different programmes , usually something for everybody .
 it can also be relaxing to sit on the sofa after a busy day at work .
 finally , the tv is in my opinion very useful for getting important information , you can watch the weather and all of them are presented in wonderful colour .
 to sum up , in my opinion the tv is a very good and useful invention .
 however , it shows a lot of violence which is not good for children .
 i can not imagine living without television , it is something that we need for our education , and for getting news and other helpful information .
 dear mrs smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 certainly i 'll try to help you as well as i can .
 first , i can tell you the name of the hotel . it 's the palace hotel .
 fortunately , it is not far from our college .
 to get from the hotel to the conference , you only have to take bus no.0 and get off at st. james college , where the conference will take place .
 about the end - of - conference party i can only say that a band will be playing the whole night , and a special guest , i still do n't know who , will be expected .
 i suggest wearing casual clothes . i think there 's no need for school uniforms .
 to answer your last question , i would propose you attend the local zoo , because many baby animals have been born in the past few days .
 dear mrs smith , i hope the information given is useful for you .
 i 'm looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 the telephone
 could you imagine no telephone ringing in the office ?
 or living your life without chatting for hours with your best friend ?
 could you ?
 i could n't !
 the telephone was invented by alexander graham bell at the end of the 00th century .
 nobody realized how important and how widespread an invention it would be in the future .
 nowadays almost every household in the western world owns a telephone , and calling relatives or friends spread all over the world is no strange thing .
 people need the telephone not only for chatting , but also for exchanging information in a very quick and direct way with the possibility of getting an answer immediately .
 when i was a child , we had no telephone at home , and i always had to go to a phone box in the centre of our village .
 now i have my own flat , and the first piece of furniture i bought was the telephone . i 'll never remove it from my home .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i want to inform you that i have already talked to richard brown and he informed me about the conference .
 next week i will start organising some events for this conference .
 the events will take place at the palace hotel .
 the same hotel that you will be staying at .
 the palace hotel is opposite clifton park , which is near the college .
 we chose that hotel because it is near the college and we do n't need transport .
 because you know where the college is and you need to bring some things from the college to the hotel , i think that it is better for all the group to come to the college and then we can all go together to the palace hotel .
 the conference starts at 0:00 o'clock , you need to be at the college half an hour before .
 concerning the end - of - conference party , i 'm thinking about some dance and singing events .
 let me know what you think .
 about the clothes that you need to wear , it must be your uniform , because it is the best conference in london and every year lecturers come from other colleges .
 finally , on the last day , we have organised a sightseeing tour around london . you will have the opportunity of visiting some museums and the zoo .
 i think it is a nice idea .
 if you want more information you can call me , my telephone number is 000***. please , if you have any more ideas , send me a letter .
 yours sincerely ,
 nowadays everyone has a telephone .
 the telephone is part of our life .
 it is one of the most important inventions all over the world .
 the telephone is a means of communication .
 if you want to talk to your friends , parents , or partner to ask something , you can call them without wondering how you can communicate with them .
 especially if some of your relatives or friends live in another country you can communicate with them every day and you do n't feel that they are far away from you .
 today , with the development of technology , the capabilities of the telephone have been improved .
 there are telephones that give you the opportunity to talk with more than one person on the line .
 also you can leave a message if you call and ca n't reach someone .
 the latest type of telephone is the mobile phone .
 you can use it everywhere and anytime .
 finally , the telephone , except|apart from being a means of communication , is a means of socialisation .
 nowadays we are very busy and we do n't have free time to see our friends , but we can call them and talk or chat with them .
 young people especially spend many hours on the telephone and that causes trouble for their parents .
 the telephone is a very important invention if we can use it correctly without using it as a type of entertainment as many people do nowadays .
 dear mrs smith
 i have received your letter , which was about that you would like me to inform you .
 as you know , a hotel called the palace hotel has been booked for your group .
 the best way to get from there to the conference is to take a taxi .
 i am afraid there are no buses to get there .
 we will have a great party at the end of the conference .
 the party will be formal , therefore you will have to wear formal clothes like a suit or a dress .
 as you know , it is not suitable to wear jeans or something similar .
 on your last day you have the afternoon free .
 in my area there is a fantastic park , which is the most famous park in the country .
 you can find a lot of things to do or to see .
 you can visit the zoo or walk around the amazing lake in the park .
 i hope you will find all the details which you would like to have in the letter .
 if you need any more information , please let me know .
 yours sincerely ,
 the power of computurs .
 how much can a computer affect your life ? i think it affects you more than you think .
 when i was a child i always wanted to get the lyrics of the songs that i liked , but it was nearly impossible to have them .
 i felt the lack of them .
 i first bought a computer when i was in university .
 it was very necessary for me because i wanted to be a computer programmer .
 at that time i entered the magic world of computers .
 linking to the internet was so popular .
 the internet was something amazing for me .
 can you imagine you have every piece of information you need whenever you want it ?
 can you imagine you can contact anyone who is from any country whenever you want to ?
 i meet a lot of people on the internet and it really interests me .
 i learn a lot about their culture by speaking to them on the internet .
 i was n't able to imagine this before .
 in addition to this , today companies can do nothing without a computer .
 everything in this world will work with computers from now on .
 computers have changed my lifestyle , my opinions about the world .
 and they affect everyone 's life directly or indirectly .
 dear mrs m. smith ,
 i am writing in order to reply to your letter and to give you all the information that you requested .
 first of all the hotel is the palace hotel , 00 regent street , so it is very easy to reach the conference .
 in fact you can take the number 0 bus ; as you can see , the bus stop is just in front of the hotel , then you can get off immediately after the church that you pass , on your right .
 secondly , we will have the party in the hotel at 0.00 o'clock and a buffet will be served at 0.00 p.m. it will also be possible to get some vegetarian food and drink cocktails free of charge . i would recommend your students bring their identity cards to prove their age .
 what is more , i would suggest wearing very smart clothes and for men a tie is obligatory .
 finally , if i were you i would go shopping in the city centre in your last hours .
 however , if you 're interested in archaeology you should visit the history museum in garden square .
 i hope you will find my letter of interest and i look forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 have you ever thought of living without your car ?
 how can you manage your daily life without it ?
 in the last forty years people seem to have become completely addicted to using their car .
 it is said that the majority of citizens have got a car and unfortunately this is the reason why cities are becoming more polluted .
 on the other hand , this kind of facility has made our life more comfortable and easier .
 in fact we can go everywhere sitting either with friends or with our family and carrying our luggage and shopping bags .
 cars are able to cover not only short distance but also can be used for long journeys .
 for example , in the past it would had been extremely exhausting to travel on a horse but nowadays we have lots of big and spacious cars and a wide range of options to choose from .
 however , i have to say that it has made people lazy and at the same time stressed due to the traffic .
 on the other hand one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money as cars have long last and allow us to get about quickly .
 that 's why i could n't imagine my life without one .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter which i received last week .
 if a student is ill , we will return the money but you should tell us one week before we start .
 and you are staying at the palace hotel , which is located in the town centre .
 you can take buses or our school buses .
 it costs forty pence .
 if you take public buses , it costs more than the school bus .
 the end - of - conference party is going to start from seven o'clock .
 one of our teachers , who will be elected by students will make a speech for one hour .
 after , a student will make a speech about what he or she has learned , and dinner .
 in my opinion , you should wear normal clothes .
 i would like to suggest that you should visit building sixty two which is on the sixty second floor .
 there are eye - max cinema , museums , a gallery .
 this is very famous in our city .
 i hope that my advice will help you .
 i look forward to hearing from you soon .
 yours sincerely
 pusan castle
 pusan castle is located in the south of pusan .
 this is the biggest and oldest in pusan .
 historical things , pictures and clothes are exhibited there .
 it was built four hundred years ago .
 when you go up to the top of the castle , you can see the whole town ,
 and there is a very big park in the castle .
 pusan castle shows korean history from when one of our kings made our country .
 etc . and there are a lot of facilities in pusan castle .
 a restaurant .
 a shop specially for groups .
 they can be given a discount .
 what is more , every place is explained in english .
 so you do not need pamplat , but , the entrance fee is a little expensive .
 it costs ten pounds .
 fortunately if over ten people visit the castle , they give them a discount .
 dear mrs smith
 with reference to your letter which i received yesterday , i would like to give you some details about the international student conference , also the accommodation and activities that are planned during this week .
 the hotel that is booked for the students is one of the best in the area , it has very good facilities and it is situated near to the place where the conference is going to be .
 the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus and it is already booked for the day after you arrive , at 0:00 am .
 about the party which is just at the end of the conference , a good it would be a dance party and the students do n't really need to wear special clothes , it 's just to have a little dance and meet all the students . after the party , there is a small trip to the old part of the city and i think it would be a good choice for spending the last three hours that you have left before going back .
 i hope this letter answers all your questions , if you want to know more about it just give me a call or send me a letter .
 yours sincerely
 the aim of this report is to give some information about the new acapulco resort buildings which were built 00 years ago . they are some of the first buildings that were built with the latest technology and designed by an important mexican architect .
 in addition , the resort has an interesting historical background concerning the architecture and the best facilities and activities that you could have in mexico , for example , it provides different kinds of tours around mexico .
 on the other hand it is far away from the city and it has difficult transport facilities .
 in spite of the disadvantages , i would strongly recommend students and the public to visit the new acapulco resort buildings and have a great experience learning about the buildings ' history and at the same time travelling around mexico .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i am sorry to hear that mr. brown is ill . i hope it is n't serious .
 however , i will be glad to give you as much information as you need and i hope you will find it helpful .
 the name of the hotel in which the group is going to stay is the palace hotel . to get there you must go to the centre of town . all the buses go there . once you are in the centre , the palace hotel is right in front of the tourism information office .
 for the end - of - conference party we have booked one of the halls of the hotel and they will provide us with live music and catering .
 due the hotel being such an elegant place i would suggest dressing up in evening dress .
 finally , to fill your free afternoon i would definitely recommend visiting the cathedral and having a walk around the old part of the city . if you want , it will be my pleasure to show you the area .
 yours sincerely ,
 chairs are not only part of the furniture , they are also objects of decoration and you can even find some in museums where they are art objects .
 who could have invented such a useful item ?
 in fact , nobody has got an idea , but it must have been the most clever person on earth !
 the world is packed with so many types of chairs , from the common wooden ones to the most sophisticated and comfortable others finding a basic range of prices .
 from my point of view the chair is without a doubt the most useful gadget ever invented .
 some people use them in their work , others wish to sit in one by the end of the day and for some other people a wheelchair represents the possibility of movement .
 although it is worth saying that not everybody can choose his ideal chair there is a special one for each of us .
 dear mrs smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i am glad to help you with the organisation of the conference .
 i phoned the tourist information office last week and i got some information about the accommodation for the students .
 i think we should book the palace hotel .
 it is an outstanding building situated in the city centre .
 the hotel is in a good position , 00 minutes ' walk from the conference , and i think the best way to reach it is on foot .
 i am sure the students will enjoy walking in the streets of the town .
 the conference starts at 0 o'clock in the afternoon and finishes at 0 pm .
 i think they should wear smart clothes , because there will be lots of interesting people and it is an important meeting .
 in conclusion , for the last day , i thought it would be very interesting for the students to visit the town and admire its monuments and art .
 on the other hand , if you prefer to have a relaxing day , you could have a picnic in the wonderful park .
 i hope my suggestion and ideas will help you to organise the meeting .
 i look forward to receiving your confirmation .
 yours ,
 report :
 to : mr
 from :
 date : 00st june 0000
 introduction :
 as requested , the aim of this report is to assess the suitability for a group of american students of the visit to the etruscan museum .
 general information :
 the museum is situated in the centre of populoniou , the picturesque fishing village on the etruscan coast .
 populoniou is about 00 km . from piombino and it can be reached by a well - organised means of transport .
 description :
 the etruscan museum is one of the most attractive buildings in my town .
 it contains lots of archaeological etruscans founded and some remains from the estruscans ' necropolis .
 the entrance fee is £ 0 for each student .
 positive aspects
 0 . the museum is well organised for tourists .
 there are some shops , a café and toilets .
 also there are some free headphones that explain the history of the museum .
 0 .
 after their visit to the museum , they could enjoy the superb view of the sea and the tuscan archipelago , and they could have a picnic on the beach .
 negative aspects
 0 .
 the negative aspect of the museum is that it is quite expensive for students .
 conclusion :
 although the entrance fee is quite expensive for a group of students , i strongly recommend it for their excursion and because of their interests .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to give you some information that you asked for in your letter , which i received this morning .
 your group has been booked into the palace hotel which is one of the most comfortable hotels in london .
 personally , i am glad that you will have this opportunity to use its various facilities .
 it is located in the city centre and is about half an hour by underground from the conference .
 in my opinion the easiest way to get there from the conference would be by taking the picadelly line .
 however you could take bus number 000 , if you would like to have a look at the city centre and you also have some free time .
 regarding the end - of - conference party , i would suggest wearing a dress for a woman and an elegant suit for a man , though it is not a formal do .
 the party will finish quite late , so we 've decided to provide a bus which will take you to the hotel safely .
 basically , during three hours in the afternoon nobody is able to visit all of the interesting places in london .
 however , you could take a long walk along the river to take some essential photos .
 i look forward to welcoming you .
 yours sincerely
 are you always happy when your telephone rings ?
 as far as i know , the telephone was invented in the 00th century .
 it affected our lives very quickly , although there are some different means of communication such as tv , for instance .
 since the internet was introduced , many of us ca n't imagine life without it .
 we have even been able to have our own telephone kept in our pocket for some time .
 however , are you always happy when your personal phone rings ?
 i wonder whether you have experienced some situations when you would n't have your mobile switched on .
 this invention has changed my life completely .
 since i have been travelling around the world , i would have imagined being in touch with my family or friends without the internet or my mobile phone .
 in spite of having the opportunity of keeping in contact with friends at times when we are far away from home , we should know how to use it without disturbing others .
 dear maria :
 thank you for your letter .
 it will be pleasure to help you .
 the following is some information about the international student conference .
 the party will be in the palace hotel .
 the hotel is very close to the town hall .
 from park square , just go straight .
 you can see the sign for the hotel .
 this is an international student party , so i suggest you wear traditional costume .
 it looks nice and has good meaning .
 you can inform all the students that they can take some traditional food to the party .
 after the meal , you can play some games and prepare a prize for the winner .
 at the end of the conference you can dance and sing together .
 these are my suggestions for this party .
 if you still have a problem , you can call me .
 love from ,
 report on the luton university building
 i heard that a group of american students has just arrived in our town .
 i want to introduce an interesting building for them to visit .
 it is the main building of luton university in park square .
 it is an academic building .
 it includes a library ,
 ii suit , academic rooms , a gym club and a restaurant .
 there is a very big library .
 you can find any information from it that you want .
 for the rest of the time , you can go to the it suite to use the internet .
 if you feel hungry , you do n't need to go out .
 just in the same building , you can find a restaurant .
 i recommend visiting this building .
 because american students will know british students is how to study and different campus life .
 they can also talk with british students to communicate study experience .
 i think it will be interesting for american students .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing with reference to your letter concerning the organization of an international student conference at wimbledon art college .
 below i provide some information you asked about .
 first of all , i would like to give you more information about the name and location of the hotel .
 the group has been booked into the " maria luisa " hotel , which is situated in the centre of wimbledon called wimbledon village .
 this hotel is the next building after the art college , so it will be easy for your group to find the place .
 secondly turning to the end - of - conference party , it is meant to be on wimbledon common - a nice piece of english countryside .
 so , it may be a good idea to wear very comfortable and informal clothes .
 thirdly , talking about your free afternoon before leaving the area , i would suggest you visit the wimbledon museum of tennis .
 there is quite a good exhibition there , giving interesting information about the history of wimbledon tennis tournaments .
 i look forward to meeting your group at our conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 report .
 introduction :
 the purpose of this report is to give a brief description of the academy of art in st petersburg .
 in my opinion this building is the best place to visit .
 location :
 this building is situated on the magnificent bank of the niva river with an excellent view of the hermitage museum .
 history :
 the building was built by a very famous russian architect and is a marvellous example of russian classic architecture of the xviii century .
 facilities :
 in the academy of art you can find the oldest art library , with a wide range of books , and the museum of russian art , with a huge collection of paintings , sculpture and architectural projects from the early eighteenth to late twentieth centuries .
 it is also a good opportunity to be introduced to the russian system of art education .
 conclusion :
 the building of the academy of art in st petersburg is worth visiting and interesting because of its historic and educational aspects .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i have received your letter which informs me you are now in charge of the group of students attending the international conference .
 it is my pleasure to help you with the information you need .
 your group has been booked into the palace hotel , located on the high street , opposite the post office .
 the conference will be held in the royal hall , and the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus .
 take the 00 route and it will take you just in front of the royal hall .
 the end - of - conference party will be hold in francescos restaurant , just by the royal hall .
 you should wear casual clothes .
 about what you can do in the area in the free time you have , i would suggest you visit the modern art museum which now has a new exhibition .
 another suggestion could be to visit the zoo , or just walk through spring gardens , which are beautiful at this time of the year .
 i hope all this information is helpful for you .
 yours sincerely ,
 the telephone : a great invention .
 imagine your life without a telephone .
 yes , i know , it is very hard to imagine our lives without this invention .
 think about the people living at the time it was invented .
 it must have been such an exciting thing being able to talk to someone living thousands of miles away ........ and now for us it is just as simple as dialling a number and talking to whoever we want to .
 of course it is nice to have a phone conversation with friends or family , but the telephone is also very important for business and emergencies .
 for example , i work for a bank , and we need to have weekly meetings with our director living 000 kilometres away , and he does n't have to come here , we just have a phone conference where everybody can talk , and that is it !
 what about emergencies ?
 a phone call in time for an ambulance can save the lives of many people having a heart attack .
 we sometimes do n't realize the importance of some inventions we use in our everyday life .
 but think .... what would we do without them !
 dear mrs maria ,
 i am one of the students and i am going to give you some information , all you need .
 we have booked the hotel for you and the name of the hotel is the " palace hotel " , it is quite near the shopping centre .
 it is not far away . you just go along park road for about ten minutes .
 then you will arrive at the palace hotel , which is on the left - hand side .
 regarding the end - of - conference party .
 we are going to have a dinner before the end and at the end we are going to take you to the hotel . you need to wear an evening dress or suit and bow tie .
 finally , on the last day you have three hours before you catch the plane so we suggest you go to the shopping centre and buy something for your special person or go to the museum because this museum is the biggest in the world now . it is up to you .
 yours sincerely
 to group leader
 i am the student leader . we are pleased that your group has arrived so i am going to give you information about an interesting building to visit .
 we recommend you go to the bbc building .
 first of all , the bbc building is the news building of england .
 on the ground floor , they have video cameras everywhere around the building and police officers walk around the building as well .
 on the first floor , they have a huge radio room , for sending and receiving information from all over the world , because they have small bbc buildings all over the world also ;
 for example , thailand , the united states of america , indonesia and canada .
 and the second floor is the newsroom where they go on air on the t.v. that is not everything . i have just given you a little information but they have more interesting things you do not know about .
 i recommend this building because this building is the main of london and this building is the second most beautiful building in london so that is why i recommend this building .
 from the student leader .
 dear mrs smith ,
 thank you very much for your letter .
 i will be very pleased if i can help you with all your enquiries .
 the hotel which your students ' group has been booked into is the palace hotel .
 it is fairly easy to get there from the conference .
 i would suggest you walk along new street , which is the one next to the river , and in 00 minutes you will see the hotel on your right - hand side .
 the hotel is just opposite the city hospital .
 as you possibly already know , the end - of - conference party will take place in the main reception room at the same hotel .
 you should be there by 0 o'clock in the evening .
 to answer your question , you should be fine wearing casual clothes .
 however , if you wish to dress smarter , there is no problem at all .
 with reference to the last afternoon , if i were you i would visit the city museum .
 there are many interesting works of art by famous painters of this country .
 if you have any time left you ought to go to the high street , where you could go shopping .
 please , do not hesitate to contact me at the above address if you need any further information .
 i look forward to meeting you at the conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 inventions have affected all our lives !
 without any doubt the invention that has affected my own life the most is the car .
 cars have definitely changed all our lives , and i am not referring only in a positive way , but in a negative way as well .
 picture this : a big city such as london or new york with no cars on their streets .
 can you imagine it ?
 to be honest , i ca n't .
 cars are part of our daily lives .
 traffic jams make people irritable , and sometimes really upset and violent .
 but people use cars , anyway .
 if we do n't use them we suffer because of them .
 in my case i use public transport during the week to go to work but i could hardly imagine my weekends without my beloved car .
 i really need it to escape from the pollution , mainly caused by cars and other four - wheel motor vehicles .
 is n't that ironic ?
 to go to the countryside and be able to breathe fresh , unpolluted air , i use my car , which , in my opinion , does not help to maintain a clean atmosphere at all .
 therefore i am thinking of selling my car , which has changed my life over the last 00 years , which has given me a kind of freedom , which has gone with me to all sorts of fantastic places , and changed my life for a new life : without a car .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i have just received your letter .
 it was very sad news about richard brown .
 i have given a lot of information about the international student conference .
 firstly , the conference will take place in the palace hotel and we get from our college to there by bus .
 number 00 bus goes there every 0 minutes .
 it takes 00 minutes , which is convenient for us .
 secondly , there are some items on the programme that are great .
 first of all , the conference 's head makes a short speech and then we have dinner and drinks .
 finally we enjoy a disco party so you should wear a suitable dress .
 on the last day i will go to your house and then we think about our 's conference plane .
 i hope it will be a successful conference .
 see you soon .
 yours sincerely
 alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
 alice and jane came back home .
 alice is jane 's boyfriend .
 in the morning they met and then they went to the beach .
 it was nice weather and they had a beautiful time .
 in the evening they were going to the disco party that was jane 's friend 's birthday party .
 jane suddenly thought about her house key that she had left inside her house and alice could see her house and he found the bathroom window was open .
 so he climbed on the ladder up to the window and he opened the door but policemen came there " what happened ? "
 jane explained that situation and they understood her .
 so they could go to the disco party .
 it was a very wonderful party and they have never forgotten that day .
 it was a very very special day .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to give you the information that you asked me for .
 the group has been booked into the harris hotel .
 this hotel is very well placed .
 from there you can get a taxi , catch the number seven and eleven buses , which both take you very close to the conference centre , and also you can go by underground to get there .
 the conference starts at 0:00 pm and it finishes at 0:00 pm .
 then , after the conference , there will be a formal party at the group 's hotel , which starts at 0:00 pm and finishes at 00:00 midnight .
 this party is a formal one , so you should not be casually dressed .
 in this area you can visit the central park .
 it is very beautiful and a very good place to relax .
 another place that would be interesting to visit is the old cathedral of the city .
 i hope this information will be useful for you .
 yours sincerely
 hampton court palace
 introduction :
 i have been asked for information on an interesting building to visit .
 i went to hampton court last year , and i think it is a great place to visit .
 location :
 hampton court palace is located in hampton court .
 i think this town is wonderful and it has a magical beauty .
 transport :
 to get to hampton court palace , you need to take a train from waterloo train station .
 from there , the trains to hampton court depart .
 moreover , i think going by train is the best way to get there , because hampton court train station is very close to hampton court palace .
 price :
 there is a great price for children , students , adults and families .
 tickets are between three and six pounds each .
 conclusion :
 hampton court palace is a building with lots of history and interesting things to see .
 and also this would be an excellent chance for this group of american students to see it .
 to : mrs. smith
 thank you for your letter , which arrived on the second of
 june .
 i am very pleased to help to organize this conference in our college , which will be held at the conference centre at bromley college starting on 00th june for 0 days .
 please find the information you requested as follows :
 we have booked the hotel for the group .
 it is the " palace hotel " , which is about 00 miles away from our college . the hotel will have a coach to pick the group up from the airport on the 00th of june and then take the group to the conference and return to the hotel every day .
 regarding the end - of - conference party .
 we have planned a barbecue for 0 oo pm on our most idyllic playing field , which overlooks the endless countryside and farms .
 at 0:00pm
 we can move to our student hall to have a disco dance until 00:00pm .
 for the last day , we have arranged a small party in the hotel . then we all set off to go on a sightseeing tour of bromley town centre for about two hours before you leave for the airport .
 bromley town centre is the most beautiful shopping centre in south east london .
 there are many historic buildings .
 i think the students will enjoy this sightseeing tour .
 if any further discussion , please let me know .
 yours sincerely ,
 how wonderful " light "
 we need light every day , not just at nighttime .
 we need lamplight in offices and schools and other places during the daytime .
 how wonderful life is since the invention of electric light .
 here we are just talking about the light we invented apart from natural light .
 when i was small , we lived in country yard . i remember , we used to have oil lamps which used a cotton string dipping in the oil in the small bottle and made it burned the tip of the cotton string to give us light during the night . it gave very little light , and there were many things we could n't do in the light from the oil lamps because the light range was very small .
 there was not any light outside our house , and no light on the road or field either .
 i was always very scared whenever or wherever i was , because most places .
 covered by dark , dark and dark .
 this scary dark is still affecting my life now .
 i never stay out after dark today except accompanying by my family .
 what a big person einstein was , who invented light .
 he created another day after sunset . people use it to do anything they want to do . we believe we ca n't live without light today , especially in the city . we have a long time to spend on our activities after the sun goes to bed .
 we definitely need light to keep on . i dare say , without light , our life would go into a dark , dark hell .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to you to answer your question about the conference in london . thank you for your letter .
 i am very pleased to know you decided to come to the " second international conference on human rights " which will be held at albert hall college on 00 june .
 i would like to inform you that the group you belong to has been booked into the palace hotel in the centre of london from the 00th of june until the 00th of june .
 the albert hall college , the building where the conference will be held is situated near green park avenue . to get to it from the palace hotel , you can take the number 00 bus , otherwise , you can take the picadilly line from south kensigton station to green park station .
 it takes about 00 minutes
 , that 's the quickest means of transport you can choose .
 the conference will start at 0 am on 00 june and will finish about 0 pm on the same day .
 during the day you are supposed to have a break of half an hour at 00 noon and finally , there will be a party for all the people who will be there .
 that will be a formal party and because of this , you will be required to be smartly dressed .
 ladies should wear an evening dress and gentlemen a dark suit .
 as i can see from your letter , you will have about three hours before you catch your plane , so , i would suggest you visit the tate modern museum , where you will find several interesting pictures such as dalis and warhols .
 if you need some more information or details about the conference , you can contact alexia on 0000 * * * .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 introduction
 the aim of this report is to give some suggestions to a group of american students who have just arrived in rome and want some information about an interesting building to visit .
 rome is a big city where they can find several moments and important buildings , for this reason i would suggest they visit :
 0 ) " fontana di trevi " sited in trevis square in the centre of rome .
 that 's a small square where there is a very big fountain .
 it was built by the architect canovas in 0000 .
 that is the fountain in which the film " dolce vita " took place .
 0 ) on the other hand , there is the villa borghese building . that is a museum where they can find the most important sculptures and pictures of antonio canovas and , bernini , who lived for a long time in rome .
 conclusion
 i would recommend to them these buildings because :
 0 ) first of all , they are located in the centre of rome so they can take a bus to get to them move and around the city .
 0 ) secondly , they can enjoy visiting museums , and afterwards they can have something to eat or to drink in the " pizzerias ' and restaurants near these famous places .
 in conclusion , they could combine art , history and nightlife by visiting only one place and without spending much money .
 dear marie ,
 i am sorry to hear that our friend mr brown is ill .
 as our conference is due to start next week i will respond straight away .
 there is some information you have asked me about .
 we booked rooms for your group at the palace hotel .
 that is the best option because it is situated less than 0 minutes ' walk from the conference centre .
 when you leave the hotel you have to turn right and you bloun the street .
 at the first traffic lights turn right again and you should see a big blue building .
 that 's our conference centre .
 at the hotel reception you will find printed information about how to get there .
 as you know at the end of the conference there is a party .
 the party is due to start at 0 p.m . and will last until 0 a.m. there is a 0hr break between the end of the conference and the party .
 at this time you and your group can refresh yourselves .
 i would like to mention that because our conference that is dress - code party .
 i hope you will enjoy it .
 we prepared some special attractions , like live dance music and a hot and cold buffet .
 regarding your last question i can suggest visiting the royal castle .
 that will give you and your guests an impression about our country and history .
 yours sincerely ,
 in our town there are so many interesting places to see that it is hard to choose one .
 in my opinion the most interesting is the castle .
 it is situated on a hill so it is very easy to see where it is .
 just look up and you will see that huge building .
 actually it is a whole complex , the old and the new castle , the cathedral and the very interesting underground part with its amazing crypts .
 and if you climb to the top of the main tower - the keep - you will see unforgettable views of a white town .
 after that you can explore our great museum at the old castle .
 you will find there an amazing collection of old weapons , armour and , we are especially proud of it , the great collection of swords .
 after that i am sure you will be happy to find a few restaurants located at the new castle .
 i am sure that should be enough for a one - day trip .
 for your information i can say that at this time we have a five - week festival and that night there will be a great display .
 that should complete an amazing day .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing this letter in reply to your letter which arrived yesterday .
 i do welcome you and your group , and i am willing to help you by giving the information that you have asked me for .
 firstly , let me explain the route from the palace hotel , where your group will be staying , to the conference .
 the hotel is located in the centre of seoul , therefore there are many ways to get to the conference .
 the easiest way to get there is to take the underground , which takes about 00 minutes .
 the map will be given to you on the day of your arrival .
 secondly , the end - of - conference party will be held in the palace hotel 's percel room and starts at 0 o'clock in the evening .
 professor kim from my college is going to give a speech , and after that dinner will be served .
 the party is not very formal , so you can wear any kind of dress , as long as it is suitable for dinner .
 finally , i would like to recommend the visit to a traditional korean palace kyong bok for the last day 's free time .
 it must be a very interesting visit for the students who have never experienced an oriental atmosphere .
 it is just 0 minutes walk from the hotel , and in front of the hotel gate , an airport bus will be waiting for you to take you to the airport after finishing the outing .
 i hope you will enjoy your stay in korea , and do not hesitate to contact me for any further information .
 i look forward to seeing you soon ,
 yours sincerely ,
 .
 report on kyoung bok palace - the glory of chosun kingdom .
 .
 introduction .
 this report provides the information about kyong bok palace , which is highly recommended for visitors from foreign countries to visit .
 it highlights the background history and considers the interest of young people , and makes a final recommendation .
 .
 history .
 the kingdom chosun has a history of 000 years and lasted until the beginning of the 00th century .
 kyong bok palace was the main residence of the royal family , so you will be able to imagine its size .
 as the kings of chosun loved to be a part of nature , the palace had a huge garden , however it was destroyed by the japanese army , and now there remains only a part of the original palace .
 there is a special monument to the last queen of chosun who was killed by the japanese army .
 .
 activity .
 the reason that this palace is also popular for the youngsters , who tend to dislike historical visits , would be the various activities .
 you can try the traditional games of korea and there is a chance to wear the traditional clothes of the royals .
 also there are performances which are held daily at the front gate of the palace .
 .
 final recommendation .
 it is out of the question not to visit kyong bok palace unless you do not want to know about korean history .
 you will find many interesting points there , therefore , i urge you to visit the place , if you want to experience the tradition of korea .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing in response to your letter where you asked me to give you more information about the international student conference and give some ideas and suggestions about what you and your students can do during your free time here .
 the group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is located in the central area of the city , so it will not take you and your students too much time to get to the town hall where the conference is supposed to be held .
 the easiest way to get there from your hotel is to take bus 000 or 000 ( the bus stop is opposite the hotel ) or we can hire a minibus for you but there is an extra charge for it .
 there is a party on the last day of the conference .
 special awards will be given to the students whose reports are the best .
 less of the party is likely to be as our nightclub so a lot of music , dancing and fun are provided .
 please note that alcoholic drinks are only sold until 00 pm .
 you can wear whatever you like for this kind of party .
 coming back to ideas and suggestions , i 've promised to give you a free afternoon before you catch your plane . i would advise you to visit our zoo or to go for a picnic in a park before you go to the party .
 yours sincerely ,
 can you see how many inventions you are surrounded with in your life ?
 such simple and everyday things like a telephone , a car , a computer only seem to be normal and everyday for us as we use them every day .
 a hundred years ago people could n't even use an electric lamp , to say nothing of a car or computer .
 these inventions have improved our life a lot since they appeared , but not everyone believes it is really so .
 some people say that many important inventions in our life are not so good and useful as we have got used to thinking them .
 first of all they talk about the environmental pollution which cars and other vehicles create , overspending the electricity using electric equipment and some other problems .
 but in my opinion if people 's inventions have a place in our lives they are right then .
 i think the telephone is the most important thing in many people 's lives as it allows you to get in touch with anyone and it does n't matter where you are ( i am talking about mobile phones , which a majority now have through choice ) .
 computers make everything much faster so everything is now based on computer systems .
 the electric lamp was an important invention a hundred years ago ( at that time it was like a revolution ) .
 i think it would n't be possible for us to survive without electric light .
 because of shipbuilding developments people were able to make all those geographical discoveries , and automobile transport is an undeniable necessity in our life .
 because of everything i have said i am more likely to think that the benefits of people 's inventions are much greater than all their disadvantages .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i have just read your letter and i am happy to help by giving you some further information .
 in reply to your first question , for the time of the conference the students will be staying at the palace hotel , where the reservation has already been made .
 it is situated near to our college , about five minutes ' walk from the nearest tube station , which is south wimbledon .
 as you were informed , there will be a party for all participants of the conference , which will take place afterwards in the hotel restaurant .
 bearing in mind the fact that it will be a purely social occasion , i believe that casual clothes are the most suitable option for this event .
 finally , to answer your last question about the students ' day out , i suggest visiting the local lawn tennis museums and the wimbledon tennis courts as they are one of the best international tourist attractions .
 if you have any further questions , please do not hesitate to contact me .
 i look forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 to : leader of the group of american students
 from :
 date : 00.00.0000 .
 subject : recommendations for a place to visit
 introduction :
 the aim of this report is to give a description and make a recommendation concerning the most interesting building in the town .
 general information :
 the place i would like to recommend is the seventeenth - century royal palace .
 it is situated in the heart of warsaw and surrounded by the buildings of the old town .
 there is an old market square with the magnificent statue of king zygmunt in the centre of it .
 facilities :
 .
 inside the palace , there is a museum with a collection of antique porcelain .
 .
 there is also a portrait gallery in the left wing of the palace .
 .
 the old town is the best place for an afternoon stroll , with a great deal of restaurants , cafes and street performers .
 .
 cashpoints , toilets , emergency services etc are within easy reach .
 positive points
 .
 it is easy to get there by any sort of public transport .
 .
 there are a number of hotels or youth hostels to stay overnight , if necessary .
 .
 admission to most places is absolutely free .
 negative points
 .
 a part of the palace might be closed , due to the ongoing renovations .
 .
 all the facilities are usually overcrowded during the summer holiday .
 conclusion :
 despite the few drawbacks , i would strongly recommend the royal palace as the most suitable place to visit for the foreign students .
 dear mrs smith
 i am replying to your letter concerning the help you need .
 i am pleased to provide the information you need for the group .
 the hotel i booked is the palace hotel which is in the centre of london just two blocks from victoria station .
 i think it is very convenient for the group . you know the victoria area , it is easy to travel from there to the rest of the city . about the hotel , it is clean , and provides a good service . the rooms are doubles and each has its own bathroom and for the number of students we are getting good value . and the best way to get to the college for the conference is to walk to victoria station , get the tram to glouster road and after 0 blocks on the left - hand side you will find the college .
 however i am going to make a plan for each student with all of the details and the address .
 about the party at the end of conference , we are organising it in the same hotel which has a nice salon .
 it will be good for your group because you do n't need to move to another place .
 we 'll have food and drink and music for dancing .
 it is not a formal party so i think it is fine to wear something not too formal .
 i want to suggestions for the last day . you and your group could maybe go to green park and visit the queen 's house and parliament , this area is very nice and the group would engoin after the conference to get some fresh air . another option could be the new tell gallery . i have never been there but it could be a good excuse to visit it with you .
 i have been hearing about the ave they have in the exhibition , it is interesting .
 i hope you found this letter useful and if you have any questions , let me know .
 i am looking forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely
 inventions have affected all our lives
 the computer was invented 00 years or more ago and started processing information with a big card which was perforated and made a small hole and each hole meant something like a code .
 the machine that was used for reading this card was very big , you used to need a room for the computer .
 i remember when i had the first lesson at the university and the teacher took us to the computer centre and i saw these machines , all my colleagues and i were laughing was very difficult to imagine how you can work with this kind of computer .
 these days the computer is part of your life , you use it all the time . sometimes you do personal and other times it is just the things you need to do like go to the bank , use transport , go shopping etc . it is a machine that makes life easy and ibendow you can carry it everywhere . it is amazing the way as the fas the computer changes , the programs are faster and more useful and practical .
 but the computer has a bad side too . i whand mean we life each day we depend more and more on it .
 so i feel scared when i think about the consequences if some of the viruses or mad people misuse as happens these days with sex or other .
 i work with children and the computer helps me in my job but affects it too .
 so i hope the world reaches agreement about this and computer engineers have to prevent these problems because something good could be something very dangerous .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i am writing to give you some advice about the international student conference .
 first of all , the name of the hotel which we have been booked into is the palace hotel .
 and we have two ways to get to the conference , a bus or a train .
 both of them are as convenient as getting there .
 the day before we will leave , we have a party which takes place in our hotel .
 it is a kind of formal party , so we should be well dressed .
 i suggest that you wear formal dress .
 there will be some finger food and drinks .
 it might be a great party for the end of the conference .
 end of all , in my opinion we could go to the centre of the town because there are many places to have a look at and go shopping .
 it 's quite a nice area and a suitable place to spend three hours .
 it could be interesting for them .
 i am looking forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 imagine our life without a telephone .
 if the telephone had n't been invented , we would n't have lived perfectly like nowadays .
 do n't you think we rely on it more than we imagine ?
 a telephone is used when we need to contact someone , and also in emergency situations and for the internet .
 it has various ways to use . however , nowadays it is not only used for these purposes , but also it keeps us company .
 if you feel lonely , you can talk and hear from your friends easily .
 then it makes you happy .
 a long time ago people lived without this perfect invention .
 but how ?
 they used to keep in touch by letter .
 in spite of taking a lot of time to catch up with , it was the only way .
 so that 's why they have invented the telephone .
 now we can feel the world closer and closer beaus of a telephone .
 who would n't be thankful for this great invention ?
 dear madam ,
 i have received your letter and i 'm pleased to answer your questions .
 m. brown has booked rooms in the palace hotel .
 this is a first - class hotel .
 the easiest way to get from the hotel to the conference is by bus .
 there is a bus stop in front of your hotel .
 take the bus in the direction of the centre of town .
 after four stops , get off the bus .
 the name of this bus stop is ' kongresshaus ' .
 when you get off the bus , the conference is in the building across the road .
 you ca n't miss it .
 afterwards we will eat together in a restaurant and we will go to a disco .
 for the disco , you must n't wear blue jeans .
 finally , on your last day , i suggest you do a sightseeing tour in our town .
 it takes you two hours .
 afterwards you will have some time to buy some souvenirs from switzerland .
 if you have any more questions , write back to me .
 yours faithfully ,
 i will write about the invention of the computer .
 with the computer , our work is easier and more interesting .
 before the time of computers , people had to write a whole letter every time .
 when they wanted to correct a word , they had to write the whole letter again .
 with the computer , we can write a letter , correct a word or change the name without writing the whole letter again . we save the letter and in three weeks we could send it to another person .
 i work in a bank and i work all day with computers .
 if we had n't any , we would have to write all the transactions on paper .
 if i order money for our bank with the computer , i can be sure that it will arrive the day after .
 but if i had to write a letter and to send it by post , the money would arrive two or three days after .
 i have never worked without a computer , but if we had n't any , we would find it normal .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i 'm pleased to be able to help you with the international student conference .
 the hotel into which the group has been booked is the palace hotel , which is situated near the big bridge of mont blanc .
 to get from the hotel to the conference , you have to take the highway in the direction of lausanne , and after nearly half an hour of driving you come out at the place which is indicated with coppet , divonne .
 when you come out , just go right , and then turn left to follow the directions to the châtaigneroie school .
 the end - of - conference party will take place at the same place .
 some musicians will play classical music , and there will be many different drinks and food .
 you should wear formal clothes , but not necessarily really pretty clothes .
 for three hours , you could visit the museum of the red cross , which is very interesting .
 i hope that this information will help you .
 sincerely yours ,
 the mobile phone , a very useful invention !
 during all mankind 's history , there were discoverers who tried to make human life better , but it is in the last century that the biggest discoveries were made .
 when the phone without a cable was invented , one was n't sure if it would be a success or not .
 but the research went on , and the mobile phone is always getting smaller and more useful .
 the mobile phone is an important invention , because nearly everybody has one , and so one can always call somebody if there is a problem .
 moreover , some mobile phones have a connection to the web , so it is easy to read the newspapers if one hasn't enough money to buy them .
 personally , the mobile phone has affected my own life , because when somebody is phoning me at home , i do n't have to rush to get the phone , being afraid that it 's too late .
 i recommend this extremely important invention to those who still do n't have a mobile phone .
 dear maria ,
 i would be pleased to help you with all your questions and i will provide you with the information which you need as far as i can .
 i would like to inform you that centeral red lion hotel has been booked for the accommodation of the group and it will be quite easy to get everywhere on foot from the hotel during your stay .
 as you know , we are arranging an evening party on the third day of the week , we can say that it is a kind of relaxation time .
 nothing will be special .
 the place is the college garden .
 the time is 0 pm .
 there is no need to bother about clothes .
 everybody can wear something casual .
 before you leave england , i suggest you visit the canals and small villages around basingstoke . you could have the opportunity to see the country life .
 yours sincerely ,
 time flies
 i have to admit that whoever invented cars and transportation vehicles came up with the most respectable inventions of the world .
 i say that they must be the most important things for us because they save our time passing so fast .
 can you deny how quickly we get somewhere by car or by bus ?
 it is maybe 00 times as quick as getting somewhere on foot .
 try to imagine your life without having any of them .
 would n't it be unbearable and painful ?
 certainly it would be just like mine .
 because i live in a rural area , far from any village , town , or city centre .
 to reach the nearest civilization takes me 0 hour on foot .
 i have no car , and no local bus service to use .
 even coming to basingstoke seems like an international journey to me .
 and of course this stops me everytime to live sociable life .
 but also i 'm aware that time flies for me . i must do whatever i want before it is too late .
 and i have to confess the invention of the car was the most useful invention for humanity .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i was delighted to receive your letter and to know that a group of students from your college have decided to take part in our international student conference .
 as you need more information , i will answer all your questions with pleasure .
 firstly , the palace hotel has been booked for your group .
 it is one of the most comfortable hotels in our city and situated only half a mile from the main building of our college , so it is very simple to get from there to the conference by foot .
 secondly , our end - of - conference party includes dinner and dancing . i would advise you to wear something not very formal .
 finally , you can spend an afternoon on the last day visiting local historic places ( castles built in the 00th century ) or art galleries , as well as the beautiful bodnant garden .
 i am looking forward to the meeting with you and our shared work during conference .
 yours sincerely
 there are many different people 's inventions around us .
 we are so used to them that sometimes we think they always existed .
 some of them are very practical , others are rather strange .
 i think that one of the most important inventions affecting our life is the telephone .
 imagine life without a phone .
 you are on the road , you have a car accident .
 what are you going to do without a phone ?
 in another situation , your son is ill , he needs help urgently .
 i am sure the phone has saved many lives .
 besides , it is always very nice to ring your friend or mum , only to chat in any time .
 thanks to the phone , it is possible to speak to your mum even when she is at the other end of the earth .
 to be honest , the next greatest invention of mankind , the computer , ca n't work if you haven't got the phone .
 so i am very grateful to the man who invented it . unfortunately , i have forgotten his name .
 it always happens with people , does n't it ?
 try asking who invented the wheel or the book .
 chêne - bourg , tuesday 00th june .
 dear mrs smith ,
 it is with great regret that i hear of mr brown 's illness , and i hope to see him soon in excellent health .
 nevertheless , i am both pleased and honoured to expect you and your group in the context of our international meeting .
 we have made arrangements for you to stay at the palace hotel .
 furthermore , since it is located between the airport and our location , a shuttle bus has been organised to take all our guests from the hotel to the conference room .
 the end - of - conference party is to be held in the ' royal room ' of the hotel , which has an outstanding reputation for its quality and seriousness .
 therefore , all the guests will be asked to wear the appropriate clothes in order to be accepted .
 as for the three hours of free time , i strongly suggest you check your luggage in at the airport and then , after a five - minute bus ride , spend your time in the marvellous ' old city ' .
 best regards ,
 my fair mobile phone .
 the technological revolution taking place today can be directly linked to the amazing evolution of our communications technology over the last few years .
 the inevitable invention symbolizing this aspect in our daily life is , of course , the mobile phone .
 it is clear and irrefutable that the use of this invention has become a necessary condition in some professional activities .
 trades , politicians and taxi drivers are but a few examples of such needs .
 however , the average man seems to ignore how important and useful a mobile phone becomes when in the hands of a high - school student .
 it then becomes a real obsession for the average student , as he uses it before the lessons , during the lessons , during lunch and , especially , during examinations ...
 nevertheless , it is also a common mistake to believe that the sole purpose of such usage is to communicate information during an exam , since its major role is actually to allow the student and the parents to discuss during every day 's courses .
 the bottom line is that any teacher complaining about this situation should confiscate not the student 's phone , but his parents ' !
 dear mrs. smith ,
 i have just received the letter from you and i 'm writing to you as soon as possible .
 i can promise you that i 'll do my best to help you .
 you told me that you are the leader of a group of students this year , because mr. brown is ill .
 poor mr. brown . i hope he will get better soon .
 i 've just checked and the group has been booked into the palace hotel .
 the best way to get from there to the conference is by coach , which i have arranged for you .
 the driver , mr. olsson , works for us since .
 he will pick you up at 00:00 a.m. the conference is from 00:00 to 0:00 p.m. at the end of the conference there is a party from 0:00 to 0:00 .
 i suggest you wear comfortable and nice clothes because i have planned a sightseeing tour for you . before you catch your plane at 0:00 p.m. i 'd like to show you a museum , a gallery and the gardens that belong to the palace .
 then we can have a rest in the cafe and talk before your flight home .
 i think i have given you all the important information .
 i hope to see you all soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 nowadays motorization is one of the most important inventions .
 when you look around everybody has a car or motorcycle .
 no matter that people started worried more about pollution in the world .
 let me to tell you how the invention of the motorcycle has affected my life .
 i love motorcycles and i do n't think i could live without them .
 i have ridden a motorcycle since i was 00 years old .
 me and my brother used to go to rock concerts .
 we met a lot of people there who were as mad about motorcycles as we were .
 we organized races and trips .
 we rode motorcycles for a few days before we finally got to our meeting points .
 i really enjoy riding my motorcycle .
 people say that it is dangerous ; i do n't think so .
 when i ride it is only me and my motorcycle .
 in front of me and behind are my friends , who i like and trust .
 and around me is the countryside , which i can watch and enjoy while we look for a camp .
 we can go to any place we like , avoiding traffic and crowded buses and trains , etc .
 i am really grateful to the people who invented the first motorcycle in the world .
 i feel very bad about the fact that i do n't know who it was .
 on the other hand no matter that i feel very good about that because that invention has changed and affected my life and the people i care about ; it has affected my life in the very best way .
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you very much for your letter .
 as you asked me in the letter , i am very happy to help you with the details of the conference .
 the hotel that your group will be staying at is the palace hotel .
 it is reasonably near to the college , so it may be very nice to walk from the hotel along the river thames following the yellow signs on sunny days .
 if it rains , you can take the 00 bus that stops in front of the college .
 the end - of - conference party is designed to give a taste of many different cultures .
 so you will enjoy traditional foods , music , dances and games from all over the world .
 as a part of this , the leader of each group has to wear the national dress of her country .
 other members of the groups can wear normal , attractive formal dress .
 on the last day , i recommend that you visit the place that is located at the centre of our city .
 it is about 0000 years old , so i am sure that you will find it fascinating to see it .
 yours sincerely ,
 can you imagine your life without any computers at all ?
 well , i am sure that you can hardly do this unless you are living deep in a forest or in a desert !
 if you think about how many computers we use every day and how dependent we are on them , it must be clear to you that the invention of computers has certainly had a significant impact on all our lives .
 for example , all infrastructures , such as public transport and power stations , are run using computers , the government uses them to organise all sorts of things in a country , and all kinds of institutions and businesses , such as hospitals and supermarkets , use them as essential capitals .
 in other words , almost all aspects of our lives today rely on computers .
 so i am sure from this that it is convincing enough to say that invention of computers is really important .
 from my personal experience , i can also say that a personal computer is also an amazing tool .
 it improves the productivity of my homework , which often involves essay writing , and also it allows me to access the internet .
 since i live abroad , the internet is really useful for me to have a contact with my best friend and when i want to know what is going on in my home country .
 to sum up , i can say that the greatest ever invention is the invention of computers , which has affected both individuals and society as a whole .
 dear mrs. smith ,
 i am writing in reply to your enquiry about this year 's international conference .
 the conference will be held at the palace hotel on old street .
 there will be signs to follow from the central train station .
 the conference commences on 00st june 0000 from 00.00 - 00.00 .
 a light lunch will be provided .
 after the conference , there will be a relaxing party .
 there is no dress code for the party .
 however , i suggest you wear the same outfit that you will wear for the conference .
 i have included a local map . there are some ideas on the back of the map .
 please let me know if you would like to book one of the city - walk tours . we have arranged special discounts for the conference attendees .
 personally i recommend the dickens tour because it is a good length walk and very historical .
 i hope that i have covered all the information you will need and look forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 p.s. please find the map enclosed .
 there are several interesting buildings in the city of london .
 i believe liverpool street station is at the top of the list .
 the building itself looks grand and elegant .
 despite the fact that this building serves half a million commuters in a day , it is always clean and functional .
 there are two parts of liverpool street station that make it so interesting a building .
 the newly decorated section is fairly modern in style with escalators and touch - screen ticket machines .
 it is also very well linked to the old underground station , which is such a contrast in transformation .
 the old bit is rather unique and charming .
 you can really imagine what it looked like in the old days .
 there is another surprising section in this building .
 at the far side of the station it is connected to a spacious , well - designed public park .
 it is a good example of great architecture that was designed to provide services for the public .
 finally , it is in the heart of the city and without doubt everyone will be able to find it .
 00 june 0000
 dear mrs smith
 thank you for your letter dated 0 june 0000 .
 i hope i can give you the information you need .
 so the conference will be a great experience for you and your group .
 your group will stay at the palace hotel .
 the palace hotel is situated in the town centre next to the railway station .
 a free shuttle bus takes you to the conference centre .
 the bus leaves at 0 a.m. from the front entrance of the hotel .
 the end - of - conference party is in a tent and in the grounds .
 there will be a barbecue , a place to dance and much more .
 it will be a surprise !
 i suggest that you wear leisure clothes for the party .
 on the last afternoon you could go on a city tour , visit the museum of fine arts , or enjoy the beautiful flower garden next to the public park .
 i hope i have been able to give you some ideas . i look forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely ,
 what would life be without the phone ?
 have you ever thought about a world without the phone ?
 what was it like in the 00th century with no possibility of communicating by phone , and what would it be like now ?
 i can not imagine how our life would be .
 we live in a busy world .
 in the business world you use the phone all the time to speak with your clients , to make appointments , to order an article etc . ; so , time is money !
 how has the phone affected my own life ? i think that is a good question to think about . i could not call my friends from another city and just say " hello " .
 it would be difficult and would take more time to make an appointment .
 so , what has the phone revolution done for us ?
 it saves us time .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i 'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me for help .
 i hope i will be able to give you the information you need for the group of students who are coming to the conference .
 firstly , the palace hotel is waiting for you and your students .
 the best way to get from there to the college where the conference will take place is simply to walk .
 actually , the college is situated 000 metres from the hotel .
 as you know , the conference will be followed by a party .
 it will begin at 0 p.m . and last until late in the evening .
 you do n't need to worry about what you should wear to this event .
 in fact , the purpose of the end - of - conference party is to relax after a busy day . therefore you and your students can put jeans and sport shoes on .
 to conclude , we decided to organize a guided tour by coach , as you have an afternoon free before your plane takes off .
 i hope the international student conference will help everyone to get to know each other better and that it will be a success .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear sir or madam ,
 i 'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me for information on an interesting building to visit .
 there are so many places of interest in lausanne , but i think that the olympic museum is the most notable for the following reasons :
 the olympic museum dates from the 00th century and is the biggest in europe .
 it shows all the different sports men have been doing since the first olympic games in greece .
 you can see the evolution of sports and understand why changes gradually have been made to improve them .
 you can admire every kind of equipment you need to do any particular sport .
 you will be informed about the history of sport in general and about the new technologies which are used nowadays in high competitions .
 the museum is near the city centre and is accessible by bus or walking .
 it will take you an afternoon to visit it and then you can enjoy a drink or a meal in the restaurant on the third floor , which is well known for being one of the best establishments in lausanne .
 i hope my recommendations will help you in the choice of a building to visit .
 yours faithfully ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 i 'm writing in response to the letter we have received from you , in order to let you know all the information you have asked for .
 first of all , your group has been booked into the palace hotel , 00 main road , which is situated not far from our college .
 i 'd suggest you walk . it will only take you about seven minutes .
 just follow main road until you reach a junction , where you turn right and then walk along denl - a - lion road .
 the college is a huge , yellow building - you ca n't miss it .
 secondly , you have requested information about the end - of - conference party .
 it will begin at 0 o'clock p.m. and last until midnight .
 all the students will be provided with sacks and we have managed to book a band as well .
 the location of the party is n't fixed yet , but we will let you know after your arrival .
 there is no need to put on special clothes for the party . casual dress should do just as well , because we want everyone to feel comfortable .
 last but not least i will give you some ideas about where to spend your free afternoon .
 i 'd suggest you visit our local museum , as there is a marvellous exhibition there at the moment .
 provided the weather is fine , you could also go swimming or make a tour of our beautiful town .
 ( i could book a guide for you if you 're interested . )
 please write back or call me if there is any more information you need .
 i 'm looking forward to meeting you and wish you all the best .
 yours sincerely ,
 the telephone , a blessing .
 who of you could imagine life without the telephone ?
 not being able to call your friend and ask if you can pop over for a moment ?
 not being able to lie to your mother - in - law and pretend you ca n't attend her garden party because of an illness , without having to look her in the eye ?
 when alexander graham bell first invented the telephone , he had no idea how popular it would be one day .
 its first application was in order to listen to a concert if you were not able to attend it in person .
 nowadays , however , the whole world is connected by a telephone system and no one can imagine life without it .
 take me , for example , i use it whenever there is a problem and i need some advice , or when i have to call off a meeting for any reason .
 i can not always walk to the person and say " sorry , i must cancel our meeting " , because then it 's too late anyway , is n't it ?
 life definitely would n't be the same without the invention of the telephone .
 we use it daily in order to get information or to pass it on .
 just try to spend one week without using a telephone at all , and you will see that it is impossible to do so .
 so do n't take the telephone for granted , but keep in mind that our modern way of life is mainly due to its invention .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i would like to thank you for your letter .
 i am sorry to learn that richard brown can not attend the conference .
 please give him my best wishes for his recovery .
 we have booked rooms for all members of your group at the palace hotel .
 it is a very cosy building that is on the same avenue as the conference building , approximately one mile away .
 there is a direct bus link between the two locations : this is the number six bus line ; the bus stop for the conference building is called " avenue de cour " and the one at the palace hotel is named " main station " .
 concerning the party , we do not have a casual dress code .
 students usually wear dark clothes , with a tie for the boys and a medium - length skirt or dress for the girls .
 there are a lot of activities you can do during your free afternoon .
 i would like to suggest visiting the " ethnographic museum " which is kind of unique in the world .
 looking forward to meeting you soon
 i remain , yours sincerely ,
 the car :
 i think that the car is one of the human inventions that has most affected the way of life of people from industrial countries .
 nowadays more than the percents of world industry is related to the automotive business : car manufacturing , oil extraction and refining , tyre recycling , and so on .
 the industrial countries have encountered great change in their structures since the car has been made available to everyone .
 at the beginning of the last century only a few very rich people could afford a car ; it was a kind of leisure or sport to drive one .
 today almost everyone owns a car and needs it for daily activities .
 the transport network has changed in accordance with this social evolution .
 the increasing number of cars related and infrastructure is now creating problems .
 a lot of roads and motorways are overcrowded , and environmental problems are more and more related to the intensive use of cars and lorries .
 people and governments are concerned about how to limit the effects of cars on the environment without affecting their mobility .
 this will be a tough challenge for this new century .
 dear mrs smith :
 my name is juniper . i am helping to organise the conference in the college .
 i received your letter the other day and i am writing to answer your questions .
 the group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is not very far from the place where the conference will be held .
 you can take the no.00 bus from the hotel to the conference . it only takes ten minutes approximately .
 as for the end - of - conference party , it will be on the morning of the last day , starting at 0:00 .
 all the students and staff will attend together in the hall .
 they can play games and talk about their personal experiences .
 the main aim of this is to strengthen the friendship among all these pupils coming from all over the world .
 so it would be fine if you wore casual clothes and looked smart .
 i have made arrangements for the afternoon on the last day for you .
 if you are free i will show you around our college .
 you can visit our newly built science lab as well .
 i 'm sure you would acquire a lot of knowledge there .
 i 'm looking forward to meeting you .
 best wishes .
 best choice
 welcome to london .
 you asked me about an interesting building to visit .
 in my opinion , i recommend the british museum .
 one of the reasons is you can learn almost everything about british history there .
 the museum looks very old , like some other buildings in london , but it is very modern inside .
 after going through the enormous main door , you can see a huge round white building , which is a library .
 a lot of famous people have been to this library !
 the british hall is on the first floor , not far from the library .
 it shows a large number of valuable things .
 almost every one tells you a story or gives you a picture of british history .
 i 'm sure all the students will gain a wonderful lesson !
 apart from national history , there are more contents about the history of the world .
 you can go to many sections such as the asian hall , egyptian hall , european hall and so on .
 the countless fascinating things will definitely take you the whole day to appreciate .
 after a visit to the british museum , you will certainly be able to put your history textbook away !
 also you do n't have to pay any money for it , and the transport is extremely convenient , therefore the british museum is your best choice . do n't be hesitant any more !
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to you to give you the information about the conference .
 the hotel your group has been booked into is called the palace hotel .
 it is simple to find your way from this hotel to the conference .
 you only need to cross the street in front of your hotel .
 there you will find a modern building with two different doors , a red one and a blue one .
 you are asked to go through the blue door .
 after entering , you will see the conference room which will be signposted .
 we have organized an end - of - conference party on the day before your departure .
 everyone is welcome to join in with this party in order to get to know each other in a good atmosphere .
 you should wear nice comfortable clothes .
 this is an informal party .
 i suggest you visit the old part of zurich or go to the zoo before your departure .
 i am looking forward to meeting you at the conference .
 if there are any more questions , please contact me .
 yours sincerely ,
 the most important invention
 i love baking cakes , cookies and breads .
 baking is my passion and in the town where i live i 'm known for making the best cakes in the area .
 it does n't matter what kind of mood i am in , i can do it all the time and it makes me feel good .
 but i could n't bake without an oven .
 i 'm so grateful for this invention which allows me to live my passion .
 i think the oven is one of the most important inventions .
 if there is someone who does n't agree with me , he or she should try to live for one month without using an oven .
 in addition to that , he or she should look carefully into what he or she buys .
 i 'm positive that after such an experience everyone would say that the oven is a really important invention for our lives .
 i 'd like to thank the person who invented the oven .
 thank you !
 dear mrs. smith ,
 i am writing in reply to your letter .
 i am sorry about richard brown .
 and i understand that you need help , so i will help you as far as i can .
 firstly , the hotel which has been booked for you is palace hotel which is located close to the conference .
 in order to get from the hotel to the conference , you just need to take the bus we will provide .
 secondly , the end - of - conference party will take place in the same hall as the conference at 0 p.m. , which includes dinner and an announcement by the president of the conference .
 the party is arranged as a casual party , therefore , you can wear comfortable clothes . you can expect to meet many students from other schools as well .
 finally , if you want to have an exciting experience here , i strongly suggest that you go to the musicals .
 as you may have heard , our city is well known for the musicals .
 or , if you want to relax , you can take a walk in the park situated at ten minutes ' distance on foot from the hotel .
 whatever you choose , you will be satisfied with your choice .
 if you have more questions about the conference or anything else , do not hesitate to ask me . i would be glad to be able to help you .
 yours sincerely ,
 some inventions are not regarded as great things even though life without them can not be imagined .
 people do not have the impression on important inventions any more , because they have been getting more popular and common .
 however , there is something about which it is still believed that it was an extremely important invention .
 this is electricity , invented by edison .
 in my opinion , the reason why electricity is such an important invention is that most machines , appliances and equipment which are used in modern times can only be operated with electricity , which makes people not do too much physical labour .
 what is more , many inventions have been accelerated by electricity .
 in my life , i use electricity in many different ways .
 at night , i can study because of it . and it also saves my time which would be used up doing housework such as laundry , cleaning rooms and ironing .
 it makes my life more convenient than it would be without it .
 to sum up , although people do not feel that electricity is a great invention any more , the fact that electricity is one of the most important inventions in the world will not be changed .
 00th june 0000
 dear mrs. maria smith ,
 i am very glad to help you with the international student conference .
 i hope that our friend richard brown does n't have any serious illnesses .
 referent , where is the conference ?
 this will be in the casino hotel and we do n't need to worry about the best way to get there because all the main routes in devonport have signs that show the correct way to this popular hotel .
 after the conference , there is a party in the same hotel .
 at this party , there will be some food , soft drinks , music and a special place for dancing .
 this party is for the students so the clothes wo n't be so formal .
 on the free day before catching our plane .
 we can choose between two options for spending our free time .
 one is a guided tour of the city centre , and another is visiting the chocolate factory .
 please , if you have any more questions , please call me on 00000000 .
 yours sincerely ,
 i can live without this .
 it 's true .
 in our lives , maybe , could n't be without electricity .
 some people can live without this , but i am sure that the world would be very different .
 when we use different equipment in our homes , we are using electricity .
 small things but very important in our lives .
 for example : t.v. , computer , just light and a long list that now i can not write .
 i do n't like thinking of my house or my life without all these facilities .
 in winter when it gets dark very early , and after , i need to spend my free time at home .
 what can i do without my music and my computer ?
 now , you just need to think that you would do or what would happen in a city , with a car , aeroplanes , shops , all these things without lights .
 finally , i think that everybody knows that electricity is a very important invention and for me it is the best .
 dear mrs smith ,
 thanks for your last letter and i am sorry about not giving you enough information .
 we have already booked a 0-star hotel - the palace hotel , which is near the river thames , in walton - on - thames .
 it is not far away from the station so we will go there by train .
 the end - of - conference party will be held in an indian restaurant , which is next to the hotel .
 it is supposed to be from 0 pm to 00 pm .
 also there are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and a disco is also provided .
 you can wear anything you like . we would like you just to be yourself and have fun .
 as you know , our area is quite famous and lots of people come and visit it every year .
 there are so many things to do . unfortunately , there are just 0 hours .
 i recommend the high street in the centre of our area because it is quite good for shopping .
 so you can buy gifts for your friends or families .
 i hope i have given you enough information and if you still have some questions , please do not hesitate to contact us .
 i look forward to hearing from you .
 yours sincerely ,
 nowadays , our lives are becoming better and better .
 lots of great inventions have been invented in order to help people live comfortably .
 if you ask me which is the greatest invention of all , i will say that it is the television .
 " television is just an amazing invention . " my good friend said that . i agree with her .
 firstly , televisions let us know more about the world without travelling it all .
 if there were no televisions , we would n't know what the other countries were like , or even what language they speak , unless we went to that country .
 secondly , in some ways , it can educate young children .
 many tv programmes are specially made for children , such as " learn follow me " and " be good to others " .
 actually , they are quite good programmes and helped me learn what i should do generally or how to behave well when i was still a child .
 last but not least , it is a good kind of entertainment .
 maybe you think that playing basketball and going to cinemas and discos are much better than staying at home sitting in front of an object .
 however , televisions can bring you the fun that other activities ca n't .
 if sometimes i do n't want to go out and i do n't want to be lonely , it 's easy , i just turn on the television and enjoy myself .
 however , everything has its advantages and disadvantages .
 personally , i do think televisions are the most important invention .
 dear mrs. maria smith ,
 i got your letter this morning and i am very pleased to give you some information .
 as i know , he booked the palace hotel in the downtown area .
 when you go to the conference , you can take a bus or a taxi .
 but if you have enough time , i would like to recommend walking .
 because there are a lot of beautiful trees and you can see the sea .
 and also it takes just fifteen minutes .
 i think everybody can enjoy it .
 by the way , the end - of - conference party is a kind of farewell party .
 there will be three parts .
 the first part , the chairman and a few guests will give a speech and the second part , the participants will evaluate themselves , and the last part will consist of dinner and drinks .
 it will not be too formal a party .
 so you can wear what you like .
 moreover , i would like to recommend a ' city tour ' for three hours .
 everybody will enjoy themselves .
 it is £ 00 each and there is a reduction for groups .
 i hope it will be a good tip for you and if you have any problem , you can contact me anytime .
 and have a nice time in my town and send my regards to richard .
 yours sincerely ,
 nowadays there are a lot of inventions around the world , and they make us more comfortable and our lives more convenient .
 moreover we can not live without them .
 for example : electricity , the computer , telephone , boat , and car ( wheel ) , etc .
 none of them are unimportant for us .
 but i think the invention of electricity is the most important thing among them .
 if you look around at home , there are a lot of electric things .
 electricity made us able to invent other things .
 it also gave us more free time , especially for women .
 it has absolutely reduced women 's housework time .
 we can enjoy our night even more with lights .
 if we want to do something , we can do it at night the same as in the day .
 finally , the quality of our life is changed by electricity .
 it could reduce our working time and make us enjoyable .
 it is also advancing more and more .
 it will give us a better future !
 have you ever imagined that you would drive an electric car !
 00 june , 0000
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 thank you for your letter about the international student conference .
 here are the answers to your questions .
 you will stay in the palace hotel , which is situated opposite the railway station , camberley .
 to get to the conference , you catch the no.0 coach from the station and get off at the camberley college bus stop .
 it takes 0 minutes from the station .
 when you get here , just turn to the left and you will find the stadium where the conference will be held .
 the end - of - conference party will be held in the cafeteria in the college , which is next to the stadium .
 it starts at 0 p.m. and ends at 00 pm .
 we will prepare traditional english meals and some students from foreign countries will prepare their ethnic foods .
 there is a museum next to the camberley station , which has a good collection of paintings and pottery , and it would be a good place for you to spend your free time .
 also , there are a lot of shops around there . you can buy souvenirs .
 i am looking forward to meeting you .
 yours sincerely ,
 to : student from the united states
 from : juli
 the aim of this report is to describe the haunted castle in camberley .
 place
 this castle is situated in the centre of the town and surrounded by woods .
 the inside of the castle is always dark , even in the daytime .
 story
 it is 000 years old , and it is said to be haunted by a lady ghost .
 she appears occasionally and opens every window in the castle .
 it is believed that she was a nanny who worked there and fell out of the window .
 people said she was seeking something and is still seeking it even though she has been dead for 000 years .
 conclusion
 the ghost story may not be true , but it has good furniture from the 00th century , and the castle itself is very beautiful .
 i think it is worthwhile seeing it .
 i hope you 'll enjoy going there .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i received your letter this morning .
 i am sorry to hear that richard is ill and is unable to attend the conference ; i am glad that you are able to be the leader of the group .
 i hope that the information below is very useful to you , during your attendance at the conference .
 i have booked a hotel not far from our school .
 the hotel is called the epsom down hotel .
 your plane will arrive in england by 0:00 .
 there will be a coach waiting for you , and the driver will be next to the information desk .
 you should arrive at the hotel by 00:00 .
 you will then have an hour to check in and unpack all your luggage .
 the conference will start on time at 00:00 , so i would suggest you leave the hotel by 00:00 .
 the best way to get to the conference is to follow the college road and turn left toward the end . you then keep going straight . you will eventually see the main entrance to the college .
 when you get into the college you can just ask any boys in the college where to go from then .
 they all know where the conference is and when .
 at the end of the conference , we will have a party .
 the party is to let all the students get to know each other better .
 the party will be in the dance hall next to the conference room .
 i would suggest they wear formal clothing , such as tie , trousers and blazer .
 for the afternoon free time on the last day .
 there are a wide variety of choices in the things that they can do .
 they can play tennis , do athletics , swim ... and many other sports activities in our school , if they want to .
 or they can also visit epsom town .
 there are shops which sell clothes , food , and books ... they can decide what they want to do . it 's entirely up to them .
 i am looking forward to seeing you and hope you have a safe flight over to england .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear group leader ,
 welcome to taiwan .
 this report is based on an interesting building , where you can take your students .
 this building is situated in taipei , the capital .
 the building is called the chiang kei - shek memorial hall .
 nearly everyone knows where this building is , so if you have a chance , just ask the local people in taipei about this building .
 the memorial hall is surrounded by large playgrounds .
 as you go into the main hall , you will see a huge statue of chiang kei - shek . this is because the building is the remembrance of how well chiang did in history .
 the statue is about 00 feet high .
 the statue is protected by guards . the guards will change every four hours .
 apart from the main hall , there are also lots of other galleries .
 in these galleries there are historical paintings and antique furniture which chiang used .
 these treasures are very old , even older than the history of america .
 all these treasures were brought over to taiwan by chiang during the defeat in china .
 they are all being well looked after .
 as well as all the treasures , statues and historical paintings ...
 there are also restaurants and modern galleries .
 when you are tired after looking around you might want to buy drinks or something to eat , or if you are fed up with historical things , you might as well just pop into the modern gallery to see things which are more modern .
 finally , if you want to visit this building i would recommend you stay at a hotel not far from the memorial hall called the hyatt hotel .
 it only takes about five minutes if you walk .
 i hope you will all have a great time in taiwan and i hope you will enjoy the building .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i have received your letter dated the 00th of june 0000 .
 i am very happy to help you and i hope that the information that i am going to give you will be satisfactory .
 the international student conference will be in the palace hotel in lausanne .
 the hotel is a big building in the middle of the town near the square , " st - françois " .
 and the name of the street is " grand - chêne " .
 you can not miss it .
 after the conference , we are going to stay in the palace hotel but instead of staying in the conference room , we are going to move to the reception room where a dinner will be served for us .
 afterwards , a live band is going to play for the rest of the night .
 regarding the clothes , you have to wear something smart and classic .
 if you want to stay in lausanne during your free afternoon , the best thing to do is to go to ouchy .
 there , you can enjoy the landscape and sunbathe .
 yours sincerely ,
 olympic museum
 the aim of this report is to give you further information on an interesting building to visit in lausanne .
 it is based on my own experience .
 why the olympic museum ?
 the olympic museum is situated near the lake and offers , for the tourist , an unbelievable view of the mountains and the lake .
 but also the museum has a lot of gardens with several statues .
 also , the architecture of the building is beautiful and very modern .
 first of all , the main interest of the museum is olympic history .
 you can find a lot of documents about it and you have several competitors personal objects .
 in addition , you can play several interactive games and learn about the rules of the olympic games .
 reasons for recommendation .
 the principal reason is the cheap price .
 you pay only to frs for entry and you can stay all the time that you want .
 on the other hand , if there are more than 00 people , you can pay a group price and pay only 0 frs per person .
 it seems that this option might be the best way to visit this museum .
 conclusion .
 to sum up , the olympic museum is a very attractive place and could be a good trip with your family or your student group .
 therefore , if you want to learn something about the olympic games , it must be the best place for you .
 dear maria ,
 i 'm so happy to help you with this international student conference .
 i 'm sorry to hear about richard .
 could you please give him my best wishes for his health ?
 i 'm sure that you can perfectly replace him to lead your group .
 first , you should know that you are booked into the palace hotel , that is one of the best in the town .
 the access to the conference place is very easy .
 first of all , you must walk down central street until you arrive at the bus stop , then you take the number two bus that goes directly to the college .
 after the conference , there is a great party that is being organised by friends .
 it starts at eight o'clock until the end of the night , so be prepared !
 there is no special dress code but it would be more fun if you wear something crazy ...
 finally , i suggest you go to the new college swimming pool on the last day in the afternoon .
 everybody will go there .
 i hope you will have fun !
 yours sincerely
 hello ,
 i will give you some information on yverdon 's castle .
 this building is one of the oldest that is in the landscape of the town .
 i think it 's important to see it when you come here because it shows us how the town has been developed around it since its creation .
 these days , the castle is being remade , so there is a lot of construction machinery around it .
 that 's not a big problem because there is a complete museum inside it where you can see old pictures of the castle over the centuries .
 there are a lot of old items that were in the king 's family .
 you would have probably heard about the mummy who has slept there for about two thousand years ... you can see it in the dungeon .
 so you can visit everywhere you want with or without a guide .
 i hope you will enjoy the visit and i wish you a nice holiday in yverdon .
 best regards ,
 dear mrs smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i will try my best to answer the questions .
 first of all , we have already booked the five - star hotel for your group .
 it is a modern hotel , near our college , and it is also very convenient for the airport . you can take either bus or taxies .
 the number 000 bus leaves from the airport , then you can get off at the " city college " stop .
 it would be a great chance for everyone to attend the party .
 this is just a relaxing party , just so the members have a chance to relax and make friends .
 so i think you 'd better wear a dress .
 finally , about the three free hours , my personal preference is to go shopping .
 our city has got the biggest shopping centre in south england . there are so many shops .
 it is worth spending time and money on that .
 i look forward to seeing you !
 yours sincerely
 nowadays people have become used to watching television programmes every day .
 the tv is so important that you can see one in every home , and it is an essential item for everyone .
 first of all , in my opinion , tv has a great educational function , and it also makes the world smaller .
 you can just sit at home and you can know what is happening all over the world at that moment .
 i would rather watch the news on tv instead of reading a newspaper or listening to the radio because the news on tv is vivid .
 moreover , the tv is great company for people who live alone or feel alone . i like to turn on the tv when i stay at home .
 someone is talking , laughing , crying on there , so join them . you will feel much better than you would just by yourself .
 some tv programmes are enjoyable !
 however , tv also has some disadvantages .
 you might just sit in front of the tv for hours learning nothing , or no longer talk with your family .
 i think this is the worst influence in society .
 in conclusion , tv has both advantages and disadvantages , but on the whole the advantages are greater than the disadvantages .
 so on the whole , tv still is a wonderful and important invention on the world .
 dear mrs smith ,
 i am writing to you to give you more information about the international student conference .
 the group has been booked into the king hotel on high street , which is very easy to find .
 and the best way to get from there to the conference is by following the road in front of the hotel to the right , then cross the zebra crossing to the opposite side .
 after that walk to the right about 00 metres and you will find the conference venue , which is called the white house .
 at the end of the conference , we are going to have an international dinner as well as some shows from the students in my college .
 as this is a special conference you could wear your own national dress to represent your country .
 finally , on the last day you could spend your free time visiting our town hall where you will be able to learn more about my area - or you could do some shopping on high street .
 if you want more information , please contact me and i am looking forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mr. bill ,
 i am writing to give information on a very interesting building .
 it is called penrhyh castle , and this building will tell you all about wales .
 on the positive side , you and the group will be able to learn more about welsh artworks which are presented on the wall , on the door and some furniture .
 the building itself looks splendid and beautiful .
 on the other hand , you might find something which is very boring such as walking along the old wooden floor which causes some noise .
 and some old toilets might look awful .
 but in my opinion it would be nice for the students to come and see this building .
 because they will be able to learn and compare the place with their country .
 as wales is not modern like america , the students will probably get an interest in looking at old things .
 yours sincerely ,
 dear mrs maria smith ,
 i was really pleased to receive your letter .
 unfortunately richard brown is ill but i can help you as much as i can .
 so , i 'm writing to reply to give all the information you asked for .
 firstly , we 've booked palace hotel , which is located in central .
 the best way to get from the hotel to the conference is using the tube because it takes only 00 minutes .
 the tube is line 0 which is red .
 and your speech would be better for the end of conference party .
 i 'd suggest you wear at least , semi - formal clothes such as a jacket with other clothes .
 finally , i give you some suggestions which could spend for about 0 hours in the national museum in my area .
 the museum can be helpful to understand our country 's history and art .
 i look forward to seeing you soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 the computer is the most important invention in our life .
 some people might say electricity is more important than any other thing .
 it 's hard to say which is the most important invention .
 however , i 'd say the computer is a more amazing invention rather than other inventions such as the telephone , the car .
 recently the computer has become really necessary and we ca n't manage to work without them .
 not only for bussiness , but also in my life .
 for instance , when i want to contact my friend , it 's quite helpful to use e - mail .
 before the computer had been invented , we could n't possibly have lots of information easily and we could n't contact foreign countries at the same time .
 and also it 's time to make new systems which makes use easier and more simple , so far more people can enjoy computers than before .
 despite being an amazing invention , sometimes the computer causes a big problem , such as the millennium bug ( some people called it the " 0000 problem " ) , because computers are not flexible enough like a human 's brain .
 however , the computer is worth using in our life until a more convenient machine is invented .
 dear mrs. smith ,
 thank you for your letter .
 i am very pleased to give you the information you requested .
 we are holding the conference party at the royal lancaster hotel - banqueting room at 0.00 pm on sat .
 00 june .
 the nearest tube station is lancaster gate .
 as you know , we 've been working very hard all this term .
 so we 've decided at the end - of - conference party we will have a buffet and a disco party .
 our students then will get to know each other well .
 i would suggest everybody wear casual dress .
 finally , i would recommend you and your group try shopping and sightseeing around oxford street and nearby .
 i look forward to seeing you and your group soon .
 yours sincerely ,
 to : the group leader
 from :
 re : the barbican centre .
 as you asked which is the most interesting building to visit , i would strongly recommend the barbican centre building in the city .
 it is located in the city and the nearest tube station is moorgate station .
 the barbican centre was built in 0000 .
 apart from banks and important offices .
 there are also the world stock - market exchange , an opera theatre , shopping arcades , and book and record stores .
 it also holds an international exhibition all year round .
 recently , the african exhibition just finished .
 it is open from 0.00 am . till late at night when the theatre closes .
 the building is huge with modern technology and construction and tight security .
 it is upgraded the building every year .
 the barbican centre is a very important building in london .
 you and your group will visit one building which has very many places in this building .
 so you can spend your time in one go .
 dear mrs smith
 thank you for your letter which arrived this morning .
 of course it is a pity that mr. brown has been ill , but we are happy that you are coming now .
 you asked me which hotel the group had been booked into .
 it is the palace hotel , about a mile away from where the conference will take place .
 the best way to get there is to take the number 0 bus .
 the bus stop is opposite the entrance of the hotel .
 you will get off the bus at " royal gardens " .
 turn left and go straight along " baker street " . at the end of this street there is a house , number 00 .
 this is our college .
 you wish to know all about the end - of - conference party .
 as far as i can see , there will be only a little dinner and a group of young singers will surprise us with their songs .
 moreover you asked what to wear . do not worry .
 i would recommend you wear some casual clothes , like jeans , a blouse or a skirt and a jacket .
 do not forget to wear a pair of comfortable shoes , because you will not have the chance to change them .
 finally i will give you some advice about what you could do for about three hours .
 firstly , we have a nice interesting museum , it is located near the hotel .
 also , there is the zoo with a lot of different animals , located within five minutes ' walk .
 lastly , there is also a very old and famous church , with many coloured windows .
 for further information , please call me . i hope you will have an interesting conference here .
 i am looking forward to seeing you .
 yours sincerely
 the telephone : a very important invention .
 in my early childhood my mother said to me that when she was a little girl there was only one telephone in the building where she lived .
 it was in her parents ' apartment .
 the neighbours came to make their calls and to get their calls .
 today nobody could imagine such a situation .
 in every household there is one telephone at least .
 there are a lot of advantages to it .
 firstly , people are able to talk to a person at any time , be it just for fun or to discuss some important and relevant things .
 moreover we can always call the police , the hospital or a doctor for help .
 this could save your life !
 another advantage is that all offices , firms and industries could not exist without it .
 of course there is also a big disadvantage .
 all people know this situation : people want not to be interrupted , maybe they are reading a book , having a good talk or are having a little sleep ... then the telephone rings ... !
 it is not an easy decision how to react now .
 being sincere , most of us would go to the telephone .
 another point of disadvantage is that mobile phones are ringing everywhere and all the time .
 especially youngsters misuse this kind of invention .
 to sum up , this invention is one of the most useful things .
 it is always the same how people use it or not and how people handle it .
 dear mrs maria smith
 thank you for your letter , which arrived yesterday .
 i hope to give you all the information you need and , please , if you want more information or something is not clear , please do n't hesitate to contact me again .
 the hotel is near the station and is called " grand placad " .
 when you arrive you take the train to guildford and after that you just have to cross the road in front of the station .
 it 's a very comfortable hotel where you can find everything you need .
 from there to the conference you have to take the number 00 bus , which stops near the hotel and arrives in the town centre .
 the conference is held in the civic hall so it is very easy to find it .
 at the end of the conference there is a party , a perfect opportunity for your students to make new friends from all parts of the world and they can talk about their experience .
 for this conference i suggest wearing something very comfortable but elegant . the organisation wants all the men to wear a jacket , but a tie is not necessary .
 i do n't really know what you should see ; i do n't think three hours is enough but near the station there is a beautiful park , popular for its variety of flowers .
 if i find something special you will be able to visit in three hours i will call you .
 yours sincerely
 dear sir or madam
 it is very nice of you to come and visit my town .
 in this area there are a lot of things you can see and some interesting buildings to visit .
 the best building you must see is the cathedral .
 it is the most important church in this area because of its architecture .
 it is something very special . its ceiling is made from many small pieces of wood . its windows with many colours . it is fantastic .
 it is built on the top of the hill and around it there is only a huge field .
 you can walk there because the bus stops just at the bottom of the hill .
 but really you must see it . the position of the cathedral gives you a special something a great tranquillity .
 i hope you like it .
 i look forward to hearing from you
 best regards
 dear maria ,
 i hope that all the information you need will be provided satisfactorily .
 first of all you have been booked in at the palace hotel .
 secondly the best way to go from the hotel to the conference centre is to use one of the shuttle buses we provide at this event .
 they are going to leave at 0 o'clock .
 concerning the end - of - conference party .
 it is going to take place in the same hotel , the palace hotel . we suggest casual dress for this special event .
 finally , concerning your free afternoon , there are plenty of activities , but i suggest you visit the caldea centre , which is a very special bath centre .
 if you need further information do not hesitate to contact us .
 yours sincerely
 dear jhon ,
 in your previous letter you asked for information about interesting buildings to visit in my country .
 there are plenty of churches , cathedrals , and old cottages .
 the churches and the cathedral are very interesting because of their different romanic styles .
 i suggest you visit first the cathedral of " le seu d'mrgell " because it is the most emblematic building in the area .
 if you are interested in more modern buildings i suggest you visit " caldea " , which is a very modern bath centre with beautiful architecture .
 finally if none of my suggestions fit with your expectations , let me know more about what kind of buildings you are interested in and i 'll do my best to find something more suitable .
 best regards
 june 00 , 0000
 dear mrs smith ,
 in reply to your letter , i will try to give you some advice .
 concerning the hotel , the group has been booked into the palace hotel .
 the conference will take place not far from the hotel so you will see directions to follow .
 for the conference , i suggest you wear a beautiful dress , because there will be important people from other colleges .
 at the end of the conference , all students and leaders will have a drink .
 to finish , if you have spare time , you could walk in the centre of poitiers which is very beautiful .
 i hope i have given you enough details .
 i look forward to meeting you at the conference .
 yours faithfully ,
 the building called in french " le centre pompidou " is a very surprising monument .
 it 's a modern building with an architecture that you ca n't see in any other place .
 what is impressive about this building is the number of tubes that you can see outside and inside the building .
 in the pompidou centre , there are different exhibitions on different themes .
 in general , there are paintings , videos and sculptures .
 these exhibitions are often very attractive and they change every year .
 another good point , if you go there you will have an extraordinary view over the city .
 so if you visit paris , the pompidou centre is a very interesting building to visit , even if in paris there are many other buildings .
 dear mrs smith .
 i am writing in response to your letter in order to give you some further information about the international student conference at our college .
 i would like to inform you that your group has been booked into the palace hotel .
 it is situated in the centre of our town and it takes five minutes to get to the college , where the conference is going to be held .
 i think that the best choice for you is to take the 000 bus .
 the bus stop where you should get off is called " the green man " .
 with reference to the end - of - conference party , which is going to take place on tuesday from 0:00 until midnight , i would like to mention the necessary dress code .
 it is evening dress for women and black trousers , a white shirt and a black bow tie for men .
 lastly , i would like to give you some suggestions about ways in which you can spend your free time in our town .
 i am strongly convinced that you should visit the local science museum .
 also there is a very good shopping centre next to the museum .
 i look forward to seeing you at the conference and hope that you will have a good time in our town .
 yours sincerely
 as is widely known , lots of different and important things were invented during the 00th century , nevertheless i believe that the most important one is the computer .
 it is a fact that modern society has created the demand for an ability to cope with vast amounts of information .
 taking that into consideration i would like to say that the computer is a priceless invention for accountants , designers , engineers and so on .
 another advantage is their ability to connect to the internet .
 it allows you to have all the necessary information " at your fingertips " .
 also not least importantly is the role of computers in the process of production in factories around the world .
 on the other hand there are some disadvantages .
 for instance a lot of children nowadays replace their real life with a virtual world which computers create .
 another drawback is that in industry computers replace people 's labour , which leads to increasing unemployment .
 to conclude i would like to say that the governments of all developed countries would n't have been so concerned about the so - called " problem 0000 " if the computer had not been so important for modern society .
 neuchâtel , 00th june 0000
 dear mrs smith ,
 thank you for your recent letter .
 first , i would like to congratulate you on your new responsibility , because of mr brown 's illness .
 i will give you with great pleasure all the details needed .
 your group is staying at the palace hotel , which is located directly opposite the bus station .
 to go to the conference from your hotel is really easy .
 you have to take the number 0 bus and get off at " black house " , which is the third stop .
 after the conference , at about 0 pm a party is being organised .
 during it , everybody will have the opportunity to meet and talk to the speakers of the conference .
 food and beverages will be available .
 after the cocktails , the band " zero one " will play their famous songs .
 the clothes required for the party are suits for men and cocktail dresses for women .
 before your departure , you will have time to visit the olympic museum or to do a sightseeing tour of our city .
 i hope you will enjoy your stay in our city and look forward to meeting you at this conference .
 yours sincerely ,
 report on the " paintings museum "
 in order to write this report , i spent hours in this wonderful museum .
 there , i saw the exhibitions and admired the building itself .
 i walked around the garden too .
 location
 the museum is located in ouchy , opposite the " delamuraz hotel " .
 it is close to the main road , and 000 metres from the station .
 outside
 the building is made of white stones .
 it has two floors .
 before going inside , you have to pass through the huge garden .
 there , ponds , pools , trees , flowers and ducks can be admired .
 i recommend you to take your swimsuit , because in summer , it is allowed to swim in the pools .
 inside
 when you are inside the museum , you will be impressed by the paintings on the walls .
 they were all painted during the war by nurses .
 if you go down a few steps , you will discover the cellar .
 everything in this room is connected with wine .
 to learn the whole history of the building , there is a room dedicated to it on the first floor .
 i particularly recommend you to visit the " blue " room .
 everything in this room is blue , the carpet , the ceiling and even the door .
 according to the owner , it was a room where in the past people used to go when they were depressed .
 conclusion
 to sum up , i would like to add that this house is the most famous in our city .
 you should come and visit it for the paintings or for the building itself .
 you wo n't be disappointed .
 the only negative point is that you have to pay 00 francs to visit the house and the garden .
